participant	content
cgv	well hurry Abe it's time to eat are you ready.
kid	is it time.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I'm almost done okay Mom now you can come over here and look.
cgv	okay.
kid	I think everything's going to work hey Mommy I'll show it from here.
cgv	I'm coming over there I'm bringing your stuff o:h.
cgv	what a spooky Halloween picture.
kid	do you know what it is.
cgv	what.
kid	here's the black floor here's the white ghost here's a bat and here's some stairs and here's the ghost that went into the witch's house and here's the door.
cgv	how neat.
kid	and here's the whole haunted house hey Mommy I don't see none cheese.
cgv	I put it on the table for you to sprinkle on.
kid	okay I'll put it on myself no not on myself on my needles I want water.
cgv	you get milk at dinner.
cgv	I'll take water.
kid	Mom what about the baby's growing.
cgv	Mom should drink milk right Mom.
cgv	right Abe.
kid	yeah.
cgv	yeah so you better drink more milk Mom.
cgv	I drink enough.
kid	hey Dad look.
cgv	what is it.
kid	a Halloween picture this is a ghost can you see through the shadow.
kid	this is a ghost this is black door to his friend witch's house and a bat.
cgv	wow.
kid	some witches are girls oh yeah all witches are girls and some ghosts are girls but some ghosts are boys so which ever witch is a girl meets which ever ghost is a girl and they're friends.
cgv	what about wizards.
kid	oh yeah if there's a boy ghost it's a wizard's friend (be)cause wizards like boy ghosts.
cgv	oh did Barb tell you that you might start going on field trips to museums and stuff.
kid	what are field trips.
cgv	where your class goes out and goes to museums zoos and stuff.
cgv	so instead of always being in your class+rooms sometimes you'll get to go out and do new things.
kid	Daddy do you teach like you do like how they do in your school.
kid	is that how you teach the nurses.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	do you have the black+board.
cgv	yeah.
kid	and then all these seats that the nurses have with those tables.
cgv	uhhuh.
cgv	where did you see those.
kid	the chairs.
cgv	uhhuh with the tops.
kid	at Gary's house he has one and I saw them at Daddy's school before.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mom some fell on the floor.
cgv	I'll get it when I'm through eating.
cgv	or at the end of next week which ever comes first.
cgv	do you mean I'm going to eat continuously until next week.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	until your baby's born you better eat a lot so the baby can grow Dad why don't you bring my table down here so I can draw on it.
cgv	that's a good idea.
cgv	I was thinking about getting you one of those little desks.
cgv	where have you seen one.
cgv	at that warehouse.
kid	how little are they.
cgv	next time we go you can try one.
kid	we need one as big as this chair.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	hey Mom.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I love you hey Dad I love you.
cgv	I love you what did you do this afternoon Abe.
kid	I goed@n to school I want to show you something.
cgv	okay hey what would you have done if you wouldn't have gone to school.
kid	I'd be real pissed off.
cgv	what.
kid	I would be real pissed off.
cgv	how come.
kid	we made real fun things at school.
cgv	oh you almost didn't go today did you.
kid	no.
cgv	why don't you tell Daddy why.
kid	I was real cranky if somebody went to school and they were cranky that would make me mad.
cgv	why.
kid	(be)cause they would make everybody in the class unhappy anyway I was so cranky today I almost didn't go to school.
cgv	what were you going to do instead.
kid	if I couldn't go to school I was gon (t)a do my schoolwork at home.
cgv	you were gon (t)a take a nap.
kid	should I tell you what happened to me today.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I already told you you already saw it.
cgv	I know but you can tell Daddy.
kid	I was uh that rotating thing I was getting something and it smashed these.
cgv	oh two of your fingers.
kid	yeah go cars go hey Momma.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I got butter all over the table.
cgv	you better be careful.
kid	Dad do you like my picture I made.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I'm getting good aren't I.
cgv	you sure are.
cgv	Abe do you remember that place where we went to pick strawberries.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that's close to where we're going tomorrow.
kid	hey Mommy we should go to their grandma's again Leslie's.
cgv	yeah but I don't think they're having the ice cream social anymore that's just a summer event Abe did Steven's mom get pregnant.
kid	Mom what did you say.
cgv	is Steven's mother pregnant.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	ask him okay.
cgv	and if she is ask him when the baby's due.
kid	that's not a nice word.
cgv	I didn't say doo+doo.
kid	you said it you said it you said it you said it you said it you said it you said it you said it now I should have a doo+doo butt now we both said it [=! laughs] I wish Dad would have fart doo+doo.
cgv	that's enough.
kid	hey Mom call up the.
cgv	sit up and eat you're letting your food get cold Carol's going to let us use all of Emily's things isn't that nice.
kid	until our baby's big.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mommy Tanya has eight puppies now.
cgv	who does.
kid	Tanya.
cgv	does her grandmother have a dog.
kid	yeah I think so yes she does.
cgv	Keith said he's going to send you a picture of Trouble.
kid	what's a trouble.
cgv	that's Rufus's puppy.
kid	why is it the name of Rufus's puppy.
cgv	I guess Rufus got in trouble so they named the puppy after her Abe.
cgv	don't do that.
kid	I got it in Mom what does do ["] mean.
cgv	it has several different meanings www.
kid	Mom when is the baby due.
cgv	in February.
kid	I expect it now oops I farted what if you say doo+doo.
kid	do this before I doo+doo or you.
cgv	look out.
kid	Mom what did Dad have.
cgv	corn chowder.
kid	I must be getting a upset tummy it's hurting a little.
