participant	content
kid	I'm playing.
cgv	with your army men.
kid	yeah and I'm eating this candy.
cgv	is it good.
kid	yeah it's sourer than a lemon.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy do you know this could come off.
cgv	what.
kid	do you know this could come off and you could put it back in where it was.
cgv	yeah it's removable.
kid	so is his guns this way is more better Dad.
cgv	it is.
kid	yeah he can shoot more better this way now he can shoot two ways at once.
cgv	Abe what do you think would happen if people really were made like these guys.
kid	oh gosh then no one could play with em.
cgv	how come.
kid	because then they would be our size and just giants could play with em.
cgv	oh what if people really could come apart like that.
cgv	what would happen then.
kid	most of em would have to go to the doctor.
cgv	why.
kid	because no one could put em together.
cgv	could the doctor put em together.
kid	yeah he would be able to because doctors know how to fix people he could use bandaids or something there see Dad you have to put this right there.
cgv	where.
cgv	what.
kid	there's a handle there then you have to put it in there.
cgv	oh okay.
kid	Dad it's going like this.
cgv	huh.
kid	it's going like this.
cgv	what.
cgv	the gun.
kid	yeah Daddy this is how this is how they're gon (t)a fight without their guns.
cgv	let's see.
kid	these guys put their guns here and these parts could come off too I think I'll take em off Dad one of the good guys landed right.
cgv	oh how come the grey guys are the good guys.
kid	because.
cgv	because why.
kid	look their weapons are gooder Dad what would happen if people couldn't starve.
cgv	then I guess people wouldn't have ta eat and they wouldn't eat then.
kid	I wish that would be true.
cgv	how come.
kid	so we wouldn't have to sit at the table all time.
cgv	oh I like to eat here you go.
kid	why did you do that.
cgv	I thought you wanted them apart.
kid	no you made it the wrong way.
cgv	oh I'm sorry Abe what do you think would have happened if Mommy wouldn't have eaten anything when she was pregnant with you.
cgv	what do you think would have happened.
kid	I guess she wouldn't be pregnant.
cgv	huh.
kid	I guess she wouldn't be pregnant.
kid	I think Mommy wouldn't live and she wouldn't be pregnant.
cgv	I'm glad she ate.
kid	me too (be)cause then Mommy wouldn't be alive and you wouldn't be alive and I wouldn't be alive nobody in our family would be alive then.
cgv	those hot dogs didn't ever tell me the buns were burning.
kid	hot dogs can't even talk Mom.
cgv	yeah.
kid	when when are you gon (t)a cook my grilled cheese.
cgv	I'm working on it.
kid	when is it gon (t)a be cooking.
cgv	pretty soon.
kid	I'm tired of sitting Mom.
cgv	get up if you want to.
kid	those buns are ready those buns are ready oh I'm ready did you cut the cheese.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	good is it time for dinner.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	hey Mom why does this got lines in it.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	Mommy is this the top or the bottom.
cgv	the top.
kid	it has to be the bottom.
cgv	no it's the top.
kid	Dad why didn't you turn the tv on.
kid	Dad why didn't you turn the tv on.
cgv	we don't need it on nothing good (i)s on now anyway.
kid	Mommy this gots@n to be the bottom.
cgv	it's the top Abe believe me.
kid	Mom I'm already to here.
cgv	good.
kid	can I eat my candy bar when I'm done.
cgv	okay.
kid	not Daddy.
cgv	yeah.
kid	are you waiting to get another hot dog.
cgv	yeah why.
cgv	do you want it.
kid	no I just wanted to know Mom did you know each day Joey cooks out he eats out.
cgv	do they have a picnic table.
kid	yeah.
cgv	maybe when we get a house we'll get a picnic table.
kid	we are going to get a house right Dad.
cgv	right buddy.
kid	I feel like having a pet do you.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	a dog to do what.
cgv	what.
kid	a dog to keep other animals away and to guard our house and a cat to get mouse away away from our house.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Daddy after that one are you going to have another one.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	is it still cooking.
cgv	yep.
kid	I'm already to here and then I'm gon (t)a be to here and then I'll be all done Daddy.
cgv	yep buddy.
kid	what would have happened if they didn't invent houses.
cgv	what would have happened if they hadn't invented houses.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	I think we'd have to live in log cabins then.
cgv	do you think we'd be very comfortable.
kid	yeah we could use infinity@c logs to build it.
cgv	huh.
kid	we could use infinity@c logs to build it that would make it very big.
cgv	infinity@c logs.
kid	yeah that means a lot of logs infinity@c means many many many so infinity@c logs means many many many logs.
cgv	oh I see.
kid	Mom are you almost through eating.
cgv	no I'm going to have some more stew why.
cgv	are you trying to be the first one done.
kid	yeah I am are you trying to be the first one done.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I think I'm going to be that hot dog's crispy Dad I want to see what it looks like inside gosh Dad you didn't are you trying to be the first one done.
cgv	no.
kid	Mom do you know that meat+eating dinosaurs do eat people.
cgv	uhhuh people are meat.
kid	like eat Mom did you know there was such a thing as prehistoric bears.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	they were as big as me.
cgv	that's not very big for a bear.
cgv	Tom Pinkerton went bear hunting.
kid	what.
kid	Mom what happened.
kid	Mom what happened.
kid	oh gosh did he have any luck.
kid	I hope he was still alive what if the bear ate his table up.
cgv	then he'd have to make a new one.
kid	what if he didn't have money.
