participant	content
cgv	what did you see at the store.
kid	a horse that could turn it's head I'm gon (t)a get that one.
cgv	the one that could turn its head.
kid	yeah (ex)cept you know what.
kid	(ex)cept it gots@n this box and (ex)cept it gots@n this box.
cgv	it comes in a box.
kid	yeah no it doesn't got this box (ex)cept they sure got the Indian.
cgv	oh they have Indians there too huh.
kid	the same Indian that I got.
cgv	can you draw this.
kid	yep (ex)cept soon as I get done with this can you get me some honey Mom.
cgv	can you come here.
kid	goody I get to have some goney@wp I said goney@wp Mom.
cgv	I don't have any of that I just have honey.
kid	that's what I meant goney@wp is some kind of honey that's what we got some kind of goney@wp honey I said goney@wp honey Daddy I said goney@wp honey.
cgv	I heard you.
kid	Daddy what are you making.
cgv	I'm just messing around.
kid	don't do it with all the paper do you want to take it off.
cgv	yeah.
cgv	here you go Abe.
kid	goody give me a cup.
cgv	a cup of honey.
kid	yeah I got a little little bad sore throat that's why I need a cup of honey.
cgv	maybe you're getting the flu is that why you were so cranky today.
kid	I don't know awoh look I didn't do it.
cgv	I know why don't you ask Daddy to fix it.
kid	Daddy can you fix the rack.
cgv	what rack.
kid	the rack that we hang our coats up.
cgv	okay.
kid	more honey.
cgv	you must have a sweet tooth.
kid	does honey help you get rid of a sweet tooth.
cgv	yeah and give you cavities.
kid	honey helps you grow up right.
cgv	yeah.
kid	and a kind of a snack.
cgv	it is.
kid	Mommy I had two of em right.
kid	(ex)cept then I'm gon (t)a have one more.
cgv	if you eat too much honey you'll get a tummy+ache.
kid	is three too much.
cgv	you can be the judge you tell me.
kid	I don't got a my tummy doesn't feel full.
cgv	you don't want any more honey.
kid	I do want some more.
cgv	you do want another spoon.
kid	yeah I do want another spoon and then can you get me some water.
cgv	okay.
kid	thanks okay get me more spoons.
cgv	no I think that's enough.
kid	no I mean more spoons and dishes so I could eat the dishes.
cgv	how (a)bout the rest of the ice cream.
kid	okay ice cream is a little nutritious right.
cgv	right.
kid	what.
kid	because I gotted@n didn't you know what I gotted@n.
cgv	no what did you get.
kid	some sticky on my lips.
cgv	from the honey I bet.
kid	right I haven't washed them off yet.
cgv	here you go.
kid	Mommy what if I ate all the refridges@c up.
cgv	then we wouldn't have a place to keep our food and it would all spoil.
kid	what if I ate all the food up.
cgv	then you'd have a bad tummyache.
kid	not if I spit it all out Mommy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	what did you want.
kid	did we get any funnies.
cgv	yeah let me finish reading it okay.
kid	get me paper.
kid	get me paper.
cgv	here you go don't ruin em.
kid	I'll try not to except this Silly_Putty is new Mommy is this Silly_Putty tired.
cgv	the new stuff.
kid	yeah.
cgv	it shouldn't be.
kid	why do you think so.
cgv	because it's new.
kid	what if it was old.
cgv	I don't know what.
kid	then I would have to let it rest.
cgv	right here's your ice cream.
kid	Mommy don't you know I'm busy doing my sliding Silly_Putty into a pancake.
cgv	no I didn't know that.
kid	anyway when it's brand new it should be hard Mommy don't you know.
kid	can you bring it in here.
cgv	no eat it in the kitchen.
kid	where is the funnies.
cgv	what are you doing.
kid	I'm doing the funnies.
cgv	how's it working.
kid	pretty fine hey Mommy how did that get full to the bowl.
kid	Mommy what's on.
cgv	I'll see Survival's on at six thirty.
kid	I'll watch that after Survival I'm gon (t)a go to bed and you too okay.
cgv	how (a)bout taking a bath first.
kid	okay do we got any bubbles.
cgv	we need to put that on a list so we'll get it.
kid	what do you want.
kid	do you want somebody to send the bubble+bath down here.
cgv	no.
kid	did you want somebody to send the bubble+bath down here.
cgv	from where.
kid	from the store.
cgv	we better go pick it up ourselves.
kid	Mommy know what.
kid	Jason said that the moon's supposed to stay in one place.
cgv	the moon orbits around the earth.
kid	how would you like a punch with your ice cream.
kid	would that taste better.
cgv	have you seen Jason's cowboy hat Stan.
kid	he already saw it he already saw it when I'm six I'm probably going to get some new cowboy boots.
cgv	probably when you're five.
kid	Mommy do you think my guys could last longer than Jason's guys because one of Jason's guys is fragile.
cgv	what kind of guy did he get.
kid	a Big_Jim his Mom decided Jason said no because almost his Mom decided to throw all his toys out.
cgv	all his old ones.
kid	and some of his brand new ones.
cgv	she must have been upset.
kid	I right on here watch if it bounced off the table it will land on my gun and the Mommy it doesn't do any noise don't you want to see some of the tricks it does.
cgv	yeah.
kid	okay watch.
