participant	content
cgv	what Abe.
kid	watch this I can take these out and this out and these and I can put em all on there.
cgv	wow what good balance.
kid	see that big mountain.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	that's where that's where he's gon (t)a take it.
cgv	what's he going to do with it when he gets there.
kid	he's gon (t)a make a mountain and a bigger mountain and a biggest mountain of all.
cgv	what's everyone going to say.
kid	they'll say +"/..
kid	+" who on earth made this mountain.
kid	+" who.
kid	+" just who.
kid	+" who.
cgv	did you show Daddy this.
cgv	what is this.
kid	it's my cowboy jacket.
cgv	how can I tell that it's a cowboy jacket.
kid	look here's a cactus and look at the very front.
cgv	wow where did you get this.
kid	from Mommy.
cgv	Mommy made it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what are you playing.
kid	he's making a line for for that funny motorcycle to jump all the way over from here hey Mom can you tie my shoe.
cgv	I sure can.
kid	hey Dad I helped Mommy do the laundry.
cgv	how did you help.
kid	I put the shoes in and the rugs in.
cgv	wow.
kid	hey I put a towel onto the line and and I handed Mommy some clothes+pins.
cgv	what a big help.
kid	hey Mommy look at that crash look Momma.
cgv	gosh.
kid	look did you see how far that time he went.
kid	he went from over there to over there.
cgv	what a jump.
kid	now the spectacular jump car is going to do another great jump I hope what are you doing.
kid	can I put the film in.
cgv	yeah.
kid	yeah is that okay.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	now can I shut it.
cgv	yeah.
kid	maybe if I'm a big boy I'll get a camera for Christmas right.
cgv	maybe do you want one.
kid	yeah now the dump+truck's going to try a spectacular thing.
cgv	what.
kid	watch oh he wrecked it Mom watch this spectacular jump hey.
kid	yea it went over and over oh boy hey Mommy can you find anything else.
cgv	for what.
kid	for this ramp.
cgv	okay.
kid	hey Mommy yeah how come I didn't think of that.
kid	that's a good ramp thing Mommy don't wreck it I'll put I'll put these right here and and this will be the dump+truck yea.
kid	I winned@n yea.
kid	I winned@n you didn't see it it went right over the chair into the crash landing it almost went up here and landed on it's wheels know what.
kid	it it it part of it's on the mountain.
cgv	wow.
cgv	what a jump.
kid	Mommy watch when I did this it went like this it landed on the ferry hey Mommy know what.
kid	it landed next to that and it went driving into that the jump guy is going to jump over all these trucks and see if and see if he wins.
cgv	isn't that sort of dangerous.
kid	it's not going to land on the trucks he's real brave he's in the good car I need one more the dump+truck he's real brave if he jumps.
cgv	what.
kid	the guy that's gon (t)a jump over all this is real brave he's real brave.
cgv	is that the guy in the dump+truck.
kid	no this guy.
cgv	oh how many cars and trucks do you have.
kid	I don't know yet wasn't that spooky.
kid	what he did Mommy are you gon (t)a get me one more.
kid	I need another truck.
cgv	did he survive.
kid	what.
cgv	the guy who jumps.
kid	yeah he did survive he's still gon (t)a do it he's gon (t)a see if he could land in a dump+truck he still crashed he went like that.
cgv	oh.
kid	he's gon (t)a see if he could land up here and not fall down here.
cgv	I wonder if he can.
kid	he was trying to be good but he missed this time he probably won't make it now see if he could land on one of these cars and then those cars are gon (t)a fall down.
cgv	is it two thirty now.
cgv	no but that's what time it comes on.
kid	am I gon (t)a watch it.
kid	yeah hey this guy's the winner.
cgv	what makes you think he's the winner.
kid	because they say whoever lands close and lands on the wheels and and goes right next to one of these trucks is the winner so he's the winner.
cgv	that was a nice contest.
kid	hey hey Daddy look he jumped next to that truck he's the winner.
cgv	wow.
kid	hey Mommy I'm gon (t)a try this guy (ex)cept Mommy I'm hungry.
cgv	what would you like to eat.
kid	oh yeah he's the winner too.
cgv	how did he win.
kid	because because they say whoever goes like that and whoever goes next to one of these and whoever goes al:most down to the bottom is the winner they both are the winner.
cgv	who says that.
kid	I say it.
cgv	what do you want to eat before you go to bed.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a go to bed.
cgv	it's almost time.
kid	I got your hair and I'm not going to let go of it.
cgv	what would you like to eat.
kid	a spoon of peanut butter wow watch that guy he drownded@n.
cgv	he did.
kid	yeah.
cgv	on top of a mountain.
cgv	I'd say he got smashed.
kid	be a lizard again and I'll try to get you.
cgv	no you'll sit on me.
kid	okay you try to catch me.
cgv	okay.
kid	help.
kid	help.
kid	the lizard is squeezing me and I can't get away.
cgv	oh you got away.
kid	hey Mommy can you help me put these in.
kid	can you help me put these in.
cgv	here's your peanut butter spoon.
kid	how (a)bout this.
kid	how (a)bout doing this.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mommy I'll do the other ones now all of em are crashed how (a)bout some milk.
kid	please.
cgv	okay.
kid	I need to go tee+tee Mommy when you're taking a shower know what.
cgv	what.
kid	you won't get cold if you leave the door opened (be)cause you you you can keep the curtain closed.
