participant	content
cgv	I don't know.
kid	if I been standing on something I could.
cgv	what.
kid	if I stand on my rocking chair I can reach that high.
cgv	you can.
kid	yeah did they say cartoons were coming on today.
cgv	yeah Goober's coming on later.
kid	oh the ghost chasers Goober and the ghost chasers.
cgv	do you want a waffle.
kid	uhhuh a waffle I can't wait I can't wait I can't wait I can't wait.
cgv	do you want one or two.
kid	two cut it up in lines okay pretend this is one waffle okay.
kid	pretend this pretend the counter is the waffle okay.
cgv	pretend what.
kid	the counter was the waffle and my finger was the knife.
cgv	okay.
kid	then I slice my waffle like that now can you do it the way.
cgv	how do you want it sliced.
kid	on the lines and put honey on it please.
cgv	okay what would you do if I cut it the wrong way.
kid.	
cgv	huh.
kid	I wouldn't know what to do if you cut it uh you can cut one in the lines okay.
kid	one in the lines and one into the into the triangles okay.
cgv	okay they're ready okay they're ready.
kid	okay Chopwood gotted@n up at the night.
cgv	Chopwood did.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	why.
kid	he just wanted to be sneaky.
cgv	oh do you want a fork.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	here you go would you like milk or orange juice.
kid	orange juice orange juice is better Daddy if you wan(t) (t)a you can get me toast too.
cgv	I will after you eat your waffles.
kid	well this doesn't taste very good.
cgv	why.
kid	I don't know I think it will taste better with more honey.
cgv	oh do you want more honey.
kid	yeah.
cgv	why do you think it doesn't taste like it's supposed to.
kid	I don't know maybe the toaster didn't do a good job you're not supposed to put honey on waffles before you put em in the toaster.
cgv	I didn't I didn't do that.
kid	do you know what trash is.
cgv	do I know what trash is.
kid	yeah trash is is is litter trash is litter and litter is polluting.
cgv	uhhuh why do you think people pollute stuff.
kid	because they can't find a trash+can is that right Daddy.
cgv	that's probably one reason is there another reason.
kid	uhhuh they can't wait to get home.
cgv	yeah they don't care and they don't try hard enough so they pollute.
kid	right and they don't know it's polluting.
cgv	these must be homemade.
kid	they are how could you tell.
kid	I ate so much that I can't talk.
cgv	oh.
kid	can I have some toast.
cgv	okay.
kid	can I have the funnies.
kid	does it matter if I have the bottom.
cgv	I'm almost done.
kid	why can't I do it right now.
kid	why can't I do it right now.
kid	okay.
kid	I got an idea Daddy.
cgv	what.
kid	you read the funnies and I'll do it.
cgv	okay.
kid	that's a fire Dad crackle crackle crackle crackle crackle crackle that's a crackle.
cgv	you can do all the funnies now.
kid	I'll show you which page I need this page Daddy can I throw this one away.
cgv	if it's all gone.
kid	no I'll save it in case I need another one.
cgv	okay do you want some cough syrup.
kid	Daddy look how it went.
cgv	hey that worked real good.
kid	do you know where Broomhilda is.
cgv	in the front part.
kid	where's the front part.
cgv	turn the pages.
kid	right here.
kid	no right here this is the front part Daddy look.
cgv	uhhuh do you want cough syrup.
kid	uhhuh you bring it down you get it and bring it down okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy look.
cgv	I can't Abe I'm upstairs that turned turned out good.
kid	+" I made it.
kid	said the monster.
cgv	Abe be careful.
kid	I will (ex)cept how could I get over there.
cgv	how do you think you can.
kid	I did it the way I did it that's how I can.
cgv	don't play cars on that because Mom's going to want to read it when she goes home.
kid	you said +"/..
kid	+" goes home.
cgv	oh what should I have said.
kid	+" comes home.
cgv	well I made a mistake.
kid	Daddy can I just do the wheels on the Silly_Putty.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	yeah or no.
cgv	yes.
kid	okay I like to do that so much I can't stop Daddy look.
cgv	what.
kid	that.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	look Dad.
cgv	yeah.
kid	can you put the funnies up so Mom can read em.
cgv	okay what are you doing.
kid	I'm playing a race.
cgv	oh.
kid	two guys fell down two cars fell down a mountain and landed on their wheels and they're still racing they both gotted@n a tie they both won they have to do it again when they land upside down they need to try again they're going fast now now they need to go in the river I think I think the racing car is going to win instead of this guy who gets to the castle first with the dinosaur wins.
cgv	oh.
kid	I guess the racing car's going to win and the jeep won too can both of em win.
kid	yeah they both did this is a different kind of race this kind of race is very hard the racing car always gets in trouble.
cgv	does he.
kid	yeah what would happen if they both crashed.
kid	oh no.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	the racing car won and the jeep didn't they're not having a race they're just having a contest.
cgv	what kind of contest.
kid	you know what kind who gets the farthest wins.
cgv	oh.
kid	the racing car got the farthest the racing car won.
