participant	content
cgv	I can make it so there's four.
kid	I want four how come you're not listening.
cgv	you do want four.
kid	yeah who was doing that.
kid	who was doing that.
cgv	I'm trying to put some of these clothes+pins together.
kid	how come.
cgv	so we can have some usable ones.
kid	could I could I help you.
cgv	yeah.
kid	okay which one goes in the place right here.
kid	this one no this there that one fits now I want to cut my own toast Mommy could you get this one part of a clothes+pin.
kid	this one Mommy I can't get away.
cgv	how come.
kid	because look look I'm stuck I'm stuck I'm stuck.
cgv	your horse is stuck.
kid	that's not a horse that's a merry+go+round I can't get away merry+(g)o+round go.
kid	go.
kid	the merry+(g)o+round won't go Mom here's part of a clothes+pin.
cgv	thanks Abe.
kid	there's another one there's (a)nother part of one Mom.
cgv	there's more there.
kid	no there's another part of it and some more parts did you get the last one.
cgv	I'm getting em.
kid	how can you fix em.
cgv	you just get the same sizes and put em together.
kid	that one's a good one where did you put that other clothes+pin.
cgv	I put em in the bag.
kid	no that one that couldn't be snapped.
cgv	did it fall on the floor.
kid	no I put it right here.
cgv	oh this kind.
kid	yeah is this one I found outside.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mom we could make a airplane with these.
cgv	go ahead and try I'm going to go out and hang up the clothes.
kid	Mommy look this broked@n we need to glue it together.
cgv	see if you can.
kid	I can't Daddy glue this together glue this one together look at the parts of it for awhile then glue it together.
cgv	0.
kid	I'm gon (t)a go outside and play too.
cgv	why don't you eat first.
kid	okay Dad where's my rifle.
cgv	huh.
kid	where's my rifle.
kid	it's inside the house.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	did I bring it in the car.
cgv	I don't think so.
kid	let's go look.
cgv	I think it's in the house.
kid	it's not in my cubby do you see it.
cgv	no.
kid	maybe it's in the car then you see.
cgv	maybe let's look in here some more.
kid	Dad I want some milk.
cgv	okay I'll get you some in just a second.
kid	as soon as Mommy comes back in we can go look in the car right.
cgv	we don't have to wait for Mom we'll go look before that.
kid	how come you have to wash your feet.
cgv	because they're so dirty.
kid	dirty from the gas in our car.
cgv	dirty from what.
kid	dirty from the gas in our car.
cgv	you think the gas from our car made my feet dirty.
kid	no I mean the gas in our car not the gas that's where we can't see it.
cgv	what part.
kid	the inside of it where we sit.
cgv	oh the gas pedal.
kid	no I mean the gas part made your feet dirty the gas part made your feet dirty didn't it.
cgv	I'm not sure.
kid	let's go look and see if it's in the car.
cgv	what.
kid	my gun it sounds like hammering pirates are really mean.
cgv	it sounds like what.
kid	it sounds like hammering pirates are really mean.
cgv	how come.
kid	because they hammer.
cgv	oh.
kid	now let's go look.
cgv	Abe just a second why don't you throw that in the trash.
kid	old tape I dropped it.
cgv	what have you got there.
kid	this is my hockey stick.
cgv	that's right.
kid	how come this is glued and taped.
kid	how come this is glued and taped.
cgv	so it'll stay together.
kid	the tape is falling apart because Dad look.
cgv	we'll have to fix that won't we.
kid	I never played with this hockey stick.
cgv	you did too.
kid	when you hold it up it looks like a seven.
cgv	it does doesn't it.
kid	I never played with it.
cgv	you want you want some milk right.
kid	wrong I want some milk because to milk some cows.
cgv	what.
kid	I want to milk some cows not drink milk.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy let's go look for my gun in the car okay.
cgv	just a second I'm almost ready do you think you took it out there.
kid	I think I did.
cgv	when do you think you took it out there.
kid	at a movie.
cgv	you took it out there when we were at the movie.
kid	no when we were going to the movie when we were going home I saw it.
cgv	you saw it in the car.
kid	I think so.
cgv	you were sleeping when we were coming home.
kid	I dreamed I saw it.
cgv	oh.
kid	this isn't a good toy Daddy.
cgv	what.
kid	let's go look.
cgv	let me finish combing my hair.
kid	the wind will dry it off.
cgv	huh.
kid	the wind will dry it off.
cgv	okay but I want to comb it first okay.
kid	okay the wind will dry it off if we hurry.
cgv	okay I'm hurrying.
kid	can I get a surprise.
cgv	why.
kid	last day was Father's Day and you got a (sur)prise and I said tomorrow would be kid's day and I would get a (sur)prise right.
cgv	uhhuh yesterday was Father's Day.
kid	and it's tomorrow now so I get a (sur)prise right.
cgv	uhhuh I'll see what I can do.
kid	Daddy let's go look for my rifle now Daddy are you tying your shoes.
kid	I don't need shoes on.
cgv	are you sure you don't.
kid	I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure.
cgv	what are you going to do when we find your gun.
kid	play outside with Jason.
cgv	oh.
kid	if he's out.
cgv	do you think he's out.
kid	uhhuh I fell into the river.
cgv	awoh.
kid	ouch.
kid	a boat hit my leg and it bited.
kid	a boat bited &=laugh.
kid	I'm in jail &=laugh.
kid	that wasn't a jail it was a picnic basket.
cgv	are you ready to go.
kid	yeah maybe my gun's still inside.
cgv	it probably is since we didn't find it in the car.
kid	I don't see it.
cgv	I don't either.
kid	goodbye do you like my hat.
kid	I do not goodbye I wasn't in jail that was a octopus.
cgv	I don't see your gun.
kid	maybe we need to ask Mommy.
cgv	that's a good idea she'll probably be coming in real soon.
kid	help I'm in jail help I'm in jail.
cgv	an octopus.
kid	I was just teasing.
cgv	I'm glad.
kid	there's a bee in our living room.
cgv	really.
kid	uhhuh how come you're looking up.
cgv	I was looking for the bee.
kid	in my book the bee's in my book.
cgv	what's the name of that book.
kid	me and the bee those rhyme I'm gon (t)a play a joke on everybody.
cgv	0.
kid	Mommy have you seen my gun.
cgv	which one.
kid	the rifle.
cgv	nope I haven't seen it.
kid	Me and the Bee Mommy do you want to read this to me.
kid	do you want to read this to me again.
cgv	if you want me to.
kid	I want you to Me and the Bee Me and the Bee Me and the Bee Me and the Bee Me and the Bee Me and the Bee Mommy how do bees grow their babies.
cgv	the mommy bee lays her eggs and the daddy bee fertilizes them.
kid	read read read read I want you to read.
cgv	what a nice ending.
kid	what does +"/..
kid	+" guard me.
kid	mean.
cgv	guard means to protect you.
kid	I'm gon (t)a go play outside.
cgv	do you want to go water the garden.
kid	I will go water the garden.
kid	I'm not tired I don't have to go to bed yet know why.
cgv	why.
kid	it's a really long day today look.
cgv	uhhuh it's still daylight but you may still have to go to bed soon.
kid	how come you're not going to use your old one.
cgv	because I don't like it as well as the new one.
kid	I think you look silly with the new one.
cgv	you do.
kid	uhhuh I'm going outside to play now.
cgv	what did you do last time you were outside.
kid	watered the plants.
cgv	oh.
kid	I'm looking for my gun do you see it.
cgv	nope but there is a gun over here it's not your rifle though.
kid	what gun.
cgv	this gun.
