participant	content
kid	I don't think it's a crystallite.
cgv	what.
kid	I don't think that rock's a crystallite what kind do you think it is.
cgv	why don't you think it's a crystallite.
kid	because I never saw a crystallite before.
cgv	well it still could be one.
kid	I know I found it in the sandbox oh yeah.
kid	I forgot to show Mom something where's the other one.
kid	Mommy I forgot two fishing surprises.
cgv	it looks to me like you were busy painting.
kid	I wasn't painting you can't see.
cgv	you were too painting what beautiful colors.
kid	it's a sucker+fish see Mommy this one's a walleye with a baby walleye this one's a sucker+fish.
cgv	oh I love these colors did you draw this one too.
kid	no I drew that one another day I made fire with a telescope today on paper.
cgv	what a neat experiment did Daddy tell you how that works.
kid	the sun gets smaller and I think that's how it does it.
cgv	the smaller the light gets the hotter it gets.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that's neat it looks like you had a busy day.
kid	not a too real busy day.
cgv	you didn't have a good day.
kid	not a good day at all.
cgv	what happened to make it bad.
kid	I was bored all day.
cgv	bored.
cgv	after you made all those pictures.
kid	they're fishes you silly.
cgv	all those pictures of fishes.
kid	you know that giant big walleye that Daddy caught.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	that is the fish in that one picture the other one is the fish that was dead.
cgv	did you drink a beer today.
kid	yeah.
cgv	yeah I did.
cgv	you can really smell it all over the kitchen.
kid	let me see oh we got more than just one.
cgv	let's see onions tomatoes and cheese.
kid	oranges plums and something to drink.
cgv	do you want some milk.
kid	water yes.
cgv	you need to start drinking milk again.
kid	why.
cgv	it makes your bones grow.
kid	it doesn't make you yell.
cgv	no.
kid	it gives me energy to yell then I'll start yelling [=! yells] Mommy why do how do bones grow.
cgv	the cells keep expanding and then your bones get longer and milk helps the process so you should drink a lot of milk.
kid	I thought if you feeded the bones then the little bones I thought that if you would just keep growing little bones they would break and then they would be big bones when they got better.
cgv	uhuh.
kid	they would be as big as the (re)frigerator.
cgv	wow.
cgv	like dinosaur bones.
kid	Mommy have you ever saw a dinosaur bone before.
cgv	uhhuh in a museum.
kid	some dinosaur bones are as big as big as buildings.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	you know that.
kid	hey what happened.
kid	I had milk all day Mommy I got real great news you wan(t) (t)a come outside and see.
kid	one of the flowers is opening.
kid	that that real big flower.
cgv	the zinnia can you say zinnia.
kid	yeah one of the blossoms of the zinnia is opening.
cgv	what color is it going to be.
kid	red I suppose.
cgv	the same color as the tomatoes.
kid	no tomatoes are orange.
cgv	Abe what are you doing.
kid	I was outside.
cgv	are you really hungry Abe.
kid	I'm really hungry I'm really hungry are you really hungry everybody.
cgv	how many tacos do you think you could eat.
kid	probably two small ones to me probably I could eat two small ones or one big one one big one or two small ones which one.
cgv	two small ones.
kid	Mommy am I exercising.
kid	the door's going this way and that way.
cgv	I hope you're not pulling the door off the hinges.
kid	I'm not it's going backwards and frontwards I'm not pulling I'm just making it go backwards and front wards just like a it's flashing and trying to get me in there Mommy I'll show you what I'm doing okay.
cgv	yeah just a second.
kid	hey Mommy.
cgv	yeah.
kid	each day that we go to the store we forget to buy Aim.
cgv	we're gon (t)a have ta write a note to ourselves don't forget to buy the Aim do you think we'd remember them.
kid	probably if we always look at it Mommy I had enough milk today I had a real enough milk today Mommy why do you want to pick lettuce.
cgv	so we can have it in our tacos.
kid	did it grow some more leaves.
cgv	a few.
kid	did you know onions grow real real fast.
cgv	slow.
kid	real fast why did you forget a piece of lettuce.
cgv	thanks I just dropped it.
kid	did you know one time I was playing in the sand with these shorts on and I and I was climbing on the monkey bars and you know I slipped in the sand and fell right here and it cut some of my shorts and then sand got in side my shorts right here I'll do it again where did you get this pan.
cgv	we got em for Christmas I had to use it to make omelets the other night.
kid	hey.
kid	did you paint it.
cgv	no it's Teflon_coated.
kid	I got water over here Dad.
cgv	you do.
kid	yeah Daddy why are quartz white sometimes.
cgv	you mean the rocks.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	oh +....
kid	I know what kind of rock that white one was a iceberg.
cgv	really.
kid	uhhuh a iceberg rock hey.
kid	how did that get there.
kid	goody I get two napkins.
cgv	no one's for me one's for you and one's for Daddy.
kid	uhuh none's for Daddy.
cgv	hey.
kid	are you hot.
cgv	don't put your feet on me Abe.
kid	why.
cgv	(be)cause it makes me hot.
kid	I want my legs to be straight like that.
cgv	don't do it put em that way Abe.
kid	they're not touching you.
