participant	content
cgv	is that what they say.
kid	yeah.
cgv	do you like the Mickey Mouse Club.
kid	yeah do you.
cgv	yeah I use to watch it when I was a kid.
kid	oh.
cgv	do you believe that I was a kid.
kid	yeah everybody.
cgv	huh.
kid	everybody.
cgv	everybody what.
kid	everybody was a kid once in a while.
cgv	am I ever going to be a kid again.
kid	no nobody will.
cgv	nobody will be a kid.
kid	no.
cgv	well what would happen if Mommy had a baby.
cgv	wouldn't that be a kid.
kid	yeah (ex)cept it wouldn't turn into a kid again.
cgv	once it got to be a grown+up it wouldn't turn into a kid again.
kid	yeah it wouldn't be a kid again it would get old and die and then it would be a god.
cgv	oh.
kid	don't you know all about it.
cgv	no I don't.
kid	Daddy can I wear this.
kid	oh yeah I'm gon (t)a.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy is it still raining.
cgv	yep.
kid	then I'm gon (t)a play inside.
cgv	okay we should get your shoes on in case you decide to go outside.
kid	okay when is it going to stop raining.
cgv	I don't know I hope that it stops today sometime.
kid	yeah I sure hope that it's not a storm Daddy these kind of guns and my other guns used to be real guns.
cgv	let's see.
kid	they used to.
cgv	how did this happen.
cgv	it's stuck.
kid	no it only goes down real slow see.
cgv	oh Mom and Dad are going to play poker tonight.
kid	can I come.
cgv	uhhuh you can bring your gun if you want to.
kid	when when do you wan(t) (t)a go.
cgv	it'll be night time okay.
kid	okay Daddy this gun and my two and my two other guns used to be real guns.
cgv	oh.
kid	(ex)cept not my plastic one that one ain't now what did I do.
kid	I locked myself up.
cgv	we should get some string on your keys.
kid	my my mother did that.
cgv	let's see where's the s@l ring.
kid	I didn't want em on.
cgv	you're gon (t)a lose the keys then.
kid	that's alright then I could find em again this is a hard one.
cgv	what's wrong buddy.
kid	I'm fixing this.
cgv	oh.
kid	oh boy it's hard to get em unloose.
cgv	yeah handcuffs are hard to open sometimes.
kid	most times.
cgv	oh.
kid	this is stuck I really can't get it unloose.
cgv	do you want me to do it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay Abe what do you think would have happened last night if we would have locked somebody up with the handcuffs and then lost the keys.
cgv	what do you think would have happened then.
kid	then we couldn't open em.
cgv	huh.
kid	then we couldn't open em.
cgv	what would we have done.
kid	we would look for keys right.
cgv	right.
kid	yeah we could have to find the key Daddy these aren't only handcuffs they can be feetcuffs@c see.
kid	this is how they work feetcuffs@c.
cgv	that's pretty good.
kid	Daddy can I have the keys.
cgv	I don't know where they are Abe.
kid	you put em somewhere.
cgv	no I gave em to you.
kid	oh yeah here's one I'm fixing (th)em out.
kid	Daddy why did I do that wrong.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	see this part should be up here and this part should be down here.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy feetcuffs@c are more gooder than handcuffs hey Daddy only one unlocked which way do you turn it.
kid	this way or that way.
cgv	that way.
kid	boy that's hard is this a key+chain.
cgv	yep why don't I keep one of your keys so you don't loose both of them.
kid	okay Daddy I won't lose this one.
cgv	good.
kid	(be)cause I might could put this on.
cgv	that's a good idea but then how could you unlock it.
kid	with the other key.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy if I put a key in here then I can see it in there.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Daddy I wan(t) (t)a keep both keys.
cgv	well what if you lose em both.
kid	I'll take real good care of em you could put the other key on here.
cgv	no you just need one on there.
kid	how did you put this one on Daddy.
cgv	what.
kid	how did you put this one on.
cgv	it's just a trick I'll show you.
kid	Daddy if it does it that way don't do it this way because if you do it that way then you would have to do it this way.
cgv	oh okay.
kid	Daddy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	how are you going to play poker tonight.
cgv	with cards.
kid	no where are you going to play it.
cgv	at Marty's house.
kid	oh boy Daddy this is hard to get on.
cgv	do you want me to help you.
kid	yeah Daddy when I'm through playing with this I'll put it where the other key is.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy I'm gon (t)a do something to myself.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy what are you doing.
cgv	I'm looking for some animals.
kid	for what.
cgv	just to see what you have.
kid	and then you could put em back in.
cgv	okay.
kid	that would take me a whole hour to pick all those up.
cgv	I don't think it would take that long do you.
kid	yeah a half an hour a whole half an hour and a whole hour (be)cause I got that much animals I got a hundred animals.
cgv	you think so.
kid	yeah Daddy do you wan(t) (t)a play a game that we have never played before.
cgv	what.
kid	a animal game.
cgv	maybe later are these all your animals Abe.
kid	yeah and my dinosaurs Dad this is what I'm gon (t)a do Dad I got those a very very very long time ago.
cgv	uhhuh some of these animals are really old.
kid	I'm a sheriff and a robber did this to me.
cgv	a robber did that.
kid	uhhuh so I shot him.
cgv	Abe what do you think we're going to do at school today.
kid	you're going to eat lunch with me and I'm going to play.
cgv	that sounds good.
kid	Daddy why did you do that.
cgv	what.
kid	why did you do all those lines.
cgv	I'm going to take these to school okay.
kid	okay to which's school.
cgv	to my school okay.
kid	okay Daddy look what I did you're under arrest.
cgv	no I'm not you're under arrest.
kid	no a sheriff never gets under arrest.
cgv	how come.
kid	only if he does something bad then he gets under arrest.
