participant	content
kid	that's okay it just tastes the same.
cgv	that's right.
kid	know what Dad.
kid	when your lollipop breaks it still tastes the same.
cgv	that's right Abe.
kid	you're a spooky man Dad.
cgv	how come.
kid	because you scared me away.
cgv	how did I scare you away.
kid	you scared me when you comed@n in to jump on the bed.
cgv	you enjoyed that didn't you.
kid	yeah but it still scared me let's do the puzzle now.
cgv	okay let's look at it first okay tell me what's in the picture.
kid	Winnie the Pooh and mmm and Roo and a sailboat and kangaroo and Eyore and Piglet and Winnie the Pooh let's do it now I'm gon (t)a unwrap it all the pieces are falling apart.
cgv	I thought you were going to take them out one at a time so you could put them back in.
kid	are you gon (t)a help me put em back in.
cgv	uhhuh did you tell Daddy what happened when we were going to make Ukranian eggs the first time.
kid	I was gon (t)a put em in.
cgv	and then what happened.
kid	I don't know I spilled it.
cgv	no I'm talking about this morning when we did it before you took a nap.
cgv	what happened.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	remember.
cgv	I said +"/..
cgv	+" Abe don't play with those until I come over there.
cgv	then what happened.
kid	I played with them.
cgv	uhhuh then what.
kid	I don't know tell me what happened.
cgv	I bent down and then what happened.
kid	your hair fell in.
cgv	it fell in the candle and caught on fire.
kid	ow.
kid	ow.
kid	my hand got on fire.
cgv	fire's really dangerous hey I see a lot of neat shapes in this puzzle look.
kid	where's where's the airplane shape.
kid	here it is a airplane shape a airplane shape a airplane shape.
cgv	where did it land Abe.
kid	it landed in the puzzle.
cgv	what shape is this.
kid	a valentine.
cgv	a big old heart.
kid	and something is a girl named mmm.
cgv	or Minnie Mouse what's Minnie Mouse wear in her hair.
kid	I don't know a ribbon or two a ribbon or two.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I see a screwdriver.
cgv	or a wrench.
kid	or a wrench or a hawk.
cgv	what's that one.
kid	a hawk it's the shape of a hawk though.
cgv	oh look you can tell where the pink goes.
kid	where does it go then.
kid	where does it go.
kid	that's upside down.
cgv	no the pink goes at the top why are you throwing the pieces.
kid	I'm trying to throw it in your hand catch this.
cgv	you missed.
kid	catch this piece this looks like a feet catch catch this.
cgv	watch out Abe you hit me right in the face.
kid	okay throw this here throw catch.
cgv	this puzzle's just a little too hard for you isn't it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	does your sore still hurt.
kid	yeah.
cgv	hey you know what.
cgv	if you keep throwing those pieces around you're going to lose em.
kid	it keeps it keeps getting on me upside down.
cgv	do you wan(t) (t)a show Daddy how to make Ukranian Easter eggs.
kid	yeah.
cgv	why don't you just tell me how.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a do it not tell.
cgv	why don't you tell Dad while I get the stuff ready.
kid	you dip it then you wax em then you dip em into into a candle then you make pictures then you dip em in and you see which color.
cgv	I remember the one you made me last year do you remember.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	I remember somebody broke it too.
kid	I didn't break it last year.
cgv	who did.
cgv	Abe it was an accident.
kid	wait a minute wait a minute where's all the pieces.
cgv	you were throwing them all around now where are they.
cgv	are these pieces.
kid	yeah they are.
cgv	good maybe we should glue all the pieces todether together] and hang it on your wall.
kid	why.
cgv	because it keeps falling apart where's the ax one.
cgv	ax.
kid	yeah I pretended this was a gun and another one was a ax.
kid	zipedeedooda@i zipedeeday@i my oh my what a wonderful day.
kid	everything is going my way zipedeedooda@i zipedeeday@i.
cgv	my bluebird on my shoulder what shape does this look like.
kid	a bunny.
cgv	how about this.
kid	a airplane what shape does this look like.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	Mommy did you see me catch it.
cgv	yeah you're pretty fast to be able to throw it up and then catch it.
kid	did you see me catch it again.
cgv	yeah you are pretty fast.
kid	Mommy Mommy at a circus I saw jugglers.
cgv	what were they juggling.
kid	he was juggling pins and and some more jugglers and I don't know what they were juggling.
cgv	are you trying to juggle puzzle pieces.
kid	yeah did you see that.
cgv	it didn't quite work.
kid	let me try that again.
cgv	okay go ahead did you know that sometimes jugglers uses plates and balls.
cgv	what else can they use.
kid	maybe they use mmm.
cgv	what.
kid	mmm they are pretend cocks they are really pretend cocks jugglers juggle them around and around and around.
cgv	do they like it.
kid	yeah (ex)cept they're hard to juggle they hold bunches of stuff in their teeth.
cgv	wow I bet that's really neat where did you see that.
kid	I just dreamed about it at Texas.
cgv	oh look how many pieces are missing.
kid	I don't know maybe the ones are over here that I threwed threw] +ed] and over here no they're not over here so it must be over here the pieces must be me.
cgv	the puzzle pieces are you.
cgv	let's see if you fit no.
kid	do that again.
cgv	okay you don't fit you're a little too big.
kid	I fit in there watch me go in there.
cgv	where are you gon (t)a go.
kid	in here can I fit.
cgv	well I'm pretending my arm's a steel wall so you better quit kicking it everytime you kick it you have to get a little bit of pain.
kid	sit down.
cgv	I am.
kid	no you're not you're sitting on me.
cgv	no I'm not.
kid	you are starting hard to get off and sit on the couch.
cgv	okay.
kid	do you have a hankie.
cgv	uhhuh blow.
kid	that was a bad blow.
cgv	blow again do you wan(t) (t)a show Daddy how to make Ukranian eggs.
kid	yeah Daddy Daddy now we're gon (t)a show you.
cgv	good.
kid	you're getting the wax ready right Momma.
cgv	what Abe.
cgv	I couldn't understand you.
kid	you get the wax ready.
cgv	the wax ready.
kid	then the eggs then get the eggs ready and then the colors okay.
kid	yeah all these did I do this one.
kid	Mommy did I do this one.
cgv	yeah that's the one you were working on.
kid	how did Terry do this one.
cgv	don't drop it Abe those are very fragile.
kid	how did Terry do this one.
cgv	she used her stylus and wax and made different designs put it in different colors of dye.
kid	you use the new one and I use the old one.
cgv	okay what color did you want to use.
kid	the same the same color Terry used I got a white egg.
cgv	are you through with your other one.
kid	yeah I was.
cgv	how do you do that Abe.
kid	this is how you do it.
cgv	can you tell me how.
kid	I can't I already told you.
cgv	oh.
kid	I'm sorry.
cgv	that's okay Abe.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a dip it into this one.
cgv	which color did you choose.
kid	I choosed this one look this is just fine.
cgv	are you making one for Daddy Abe.
kid	I'm I'm making one for my parents.
cgv	for both of us.
kid	no just for Lovey.
cgv	is Lovey your parent.
kid	no he's my he's my father.
cgv	Lovey's your father.
cgv	who are your parents.
kid	my doggy my doggy and Lovey.
cgv	no Mom and Daddy are your parents Lovey and Yuppy are your best friends.
kid	(ex)cept I'm making one for them this is the one I'm making for them.
cgv	oh they'll say that Abe Duncan is really an artist.
kid	they can't say that they can't talk I'm gon (t)a show you which one is Daddy's Daddy I made this one for you.
cgv	that's nice Abe is it done.
cgv	no he needs to do a little more decorating.
kid	on here.
cgv	yeah.
kid	there I made that one for you did you you I'm using this one.
kid	are you using this one.
cgv	no you were using that one that's the new one.
kid	are you using the old one.
cgv	yeah it doesn't matter they both work the same.
kid	this night are you gon (t)a sleep with me.
cgv	maybe we'll have to wait and see.
kid	I'm through with this now no I forgot to choose another color maybe I'm gon (t)a choose yellow this this way.
cgv	yellow.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	just a second I have to go get it.
kid	I'm gon (t)a dip it in.
cgv	okay.
kid	now it's big and when it gets out it's little.
cgv	yeah when it's inside the jar it looks really large doesn't it.
kid	yeah and when it's near it becomes big and when when it's far it becomes little.
cgv	that's right Abe how did you figure that out.
kid	what is this.
cgv	that's just a big blob it'll come off hey you can't leave it in that long.
kid	how come.
cgv	(be)cause you're just supposed to put it in for a second.
kid	I'm finished with this.
cgv	who's that one gon (t)a be for.
kid	for you.
cgv	good.
kid	it smells dark, right.
