participant	content
cgv	yeah but don't jump on my back you're going to hurt me.
kid.	
cgv	what.
kid	I was talking to myself.
cgv	oh look at that.
kid	what is it.
cgv	another snake.
kid	when can we catch those two snakes.
cgv	do you think we can catch one of each.
kid	yeah what would happen if we caught two snakes like that.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	I would play with em if they're not poisonous do those kind of snakes protect people.
cgv	that one is a poisonous snake.
kid	where's a poisonous snake.
cgv	that one that guy's holding he's going to milk the poison out.
kid	then it won't have and then it won't kill people anymore.
kid	then it won't kill people anymore.
cgv	they take the poison and make it into medicine so that if people get bit then they can take the medicine.
kid	how did they catch that poinonous poisonous] snake.
cgv	with that bag I bet.
kid	I think they got bitted@n and the doctor comed@n to help.
cgv	what.
kid	I think the doctor comed@n to help catch the snake.
cgv	how come.
kid	because.
cgv	because why.
kid	because if they get bitted@n.
cgv	oh the doctor can help em then.
kid	yeah where can I sit.
kid	where can I sit.
cgv	right there.
kid	is that a poisonous snake Dad.
cgv	no.
kid	I think if she tells about it I think if she says it's a poisonous snake you're gon (t)a be wrong.
cgv	you're right I would be wrong but it's not a poisonous snake she just said it wasn't.
kid	it looks like a poisonous snake.
cgv	yeah but it's not.
kid	it is a poisonous snake.
cgv	she just said that it's not.
kid	when can we when can we catch one like that.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	say +"/..
kid	+" where did you find that snake.
kid	say that.
cgv	she just said they found it in Florida that's a poisonous snake there.
kid	how did they catch that one.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	did did you hear her say that's a poisonous one.
cgv	huh.
kid	did you hear her say that's a poisonous one.
cgv	yeah.
kid	well I didn't does that one kill the other snakes.
kid	does that poisonous snake kill the other snakes.
cgv	I don't think so it might.
kid	oh Dad I heared@n that man say he was never bitten by that snake.
cgv	he's glad about it too.
kid	he knows how to tie knots.
cgv	that snake.
kid	yeah how would that snake tie real knots.
kid	what is that kind of knot that snake already did.
cgv	that's just the way his body was.
kid	how do they catch all those snakes.
cgv	maybe they set traps.
kid	I heard that guy say it's found in United States.
cgv	yeah and we live in the United States so we could find that kind of snake.
kid	which snake did he say was in the United States.
cgv	the Scarlet King snake.
kid	Daddy would you like to set a trap for that snake.
cgv	watch this that's a cobra snake.
kid	that's a good trap they set what was that guy what was that guy trying what was that guy doing that for.
cgv	it was to get the cobra to stand up.
kid	why.
cgv	so people can see how a cobra looks.
kid	which one were you talking about.
cgv	that one look watch how fast his hands are.
kid	I'm pretending this rubber band is a snake and I'm catching it.
cgv	what.
kid	I'm pretending this rubber band is a snake watch how this snake is gon (t)a be catched.
cgv	wow you're pretty fast.
kid	do I have real quick hands.
cgv	I think so.
kid	Daddy know what what we had for supper at Greggy's house.
cgv	what.
cgv	when was that.
kid	when we were going to go to the movies.
cgv	oh what did you have.
kid	I forgot I just forgot.
cgv	you were going to tell me.
kid	I was but then I just forgot.
cgv	oh.
kid	I saw something on here I saw a little tree that's growing on top of our house.
cgv	what is.
kid	a tree is growing next to our house.
cgv	I'll be glad when it gets big.
kid	how come you will be glad when it gets big.
kid	so we so I can climb on it.
cgv	yeah what are we going to do when Mommy comes home.
kid	give her her birthday presents.
cgv	yep.
kid	isn't that a real fast airplane.
cgv	it's pretty fast.
kid	it crashed did you see it crash.
cgv	no.
kid	did you see that crash.
cgv	yep.
kid	what kind what kind of crash is it.
cgv	a bad one did anybody get hurt.
kid	no.
cgv	good.
kid	wasn't that a funny crash.
cgv	it was strange.
kid	Daddy where's that other wheel.
kid	look at my rope Daddy where's that other rope.
kid	I put this rope in and then I saw it wasn't biggest anymore.
cgv	huh.
kid	where's that other rope.
cgv	what other rope.
kid	the rope that was here it's not long anymore.
cgv	there should be one more.
kid	hey there's a knot in this it's still long.
cgv	it's a good rope huh.
kid	yeah (ex)cept you need to undo the knot.
cgv	the knot's good you need the knot find your other rope.
kid	it's not in here maybe we could use this jump+rope.
cgv	no we don't want to tie the jump+rope together.
kid	well I don't know how to jump+rope.
cgv	if we tie it together you'll never knot.
kid	hey.
kid	here's the other wheel.
cgv	what do we have to do before Mommy gets home.
kid	I don't know pack her presents.
cgv	wrap her presents that's right.
kid	yeah we need to make a cake apple.
cgv	a birthday apple.
kid	a birthday apple you make it while I'm playing outside.
cgv	okay.
kid	how come Momma's not how come you thought Momma's not gon (t)a make it.
cgv	because it's her birthday.
kid	maybe not more cartoons will be on I don't like to watch this part.
cgv	turn it off then.
kid	if you yell that some more cartoons are on I will come quickly.
cgv	okay.
kid	if it's still on when I come I would I would I don't know what I would do.
cgv	give me your shoes you need to put up your toys.
kid	you need to help me put em up I'm gon (t)a do just two of (th)em.
cgv	huh.
kid	I'm gon (t)a do two of em.
cgv	two what.
kid	two toys you need to help me.
cgv	I'll help ya are these shoes getting too small.
kid	no if I get bigger they will be too small.
cgv	that's true.
kid	Daddy if I grow up so big just so big biggest as a giant bigger than a robber would I be a giant.
kid	you would be real tall huh.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I don't think you'll grow as tall as our house though.
kid	no giants don't grow that tall they would have to duck their heads this little if they were that big.
cgv	to get in the house.
kid	yeah.
cgv	why.
kid	(be)cause they would hit their heads on the building.
cgv	oh.
kid	this is gon (t)a be a snake trap.
cgv	that is.
kid	yeah where do these go.
kid	in the closet.
cgv	yeah +....
kid	I need my chair to get up.
cgv	get up where.
kid	get up the storage box.
cgv	to climb up on it.
kid	yeah if a snake gets here then I would come and say +"/..
kid	+" we caught a snake.
cgv	good let me open the door.
kid	ow this hurts my shoes.
cgv	what.
