participant	content
cgv	this morning.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	no.
kid	I didn't see where I putted it up I hope I can find it look how high I am Dad if I take these boots off you wan(t) (t)a see how high I am gon (t)a be.
kid	what's on.
cgv	nothing right now.
kid	you said something was on.
cgv	no I didn't.
kid	see how big I am to this I'm not even tippietoeing see how big I am to this [= door] Daddy.
cgv	wow you're tall aren't you.
kid	yeah hey Daddy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a get something out for my man I'm gon (t)a get this out and have a piece of paper and draw I'm just gon (t)a draw my man okay.
cgv	okay you know what you could do.
kid	what.
cgv	draw Mike a picture (be)cause we're celebrating something for Mike tonight.
kid	I knew that before you even told me.
cgv	how'd you know that.
kid	because I told myself because I thought about it.
cgv	because you saw what.
kid	because I thought about it.
cgv	oh what are we celebrating.
kid	I don't know what you're celebrating (ex)cept I knew that you were celebrating something I'm making Mike a picture right now.
cgv	oh you know what we're celebrating.
kid	what.
cgv	Mike got tenure.
kid	oh Daddy here's a thing that my guy looks like.
cgv	yep.
kid	(ex)cept I need to do it right like that.
cgv	go ahead Daddy and Eliott are getting dressed up do you want to get dressed up.
kid	huh.
cgv	Daddy and Eliott are getting dressed up do you want to get dressed up.
cgv	I guess you don't want to get dressed up though huh.
kid	yeah I do want to get dressed up hey Daddy can you help me find what my guy looks like.
cgv	why don't you get another piece of paper and do it again.
kid	okay those both are gon (t)a be for Mike I got two in case I skip over no three I got three in case I skip over Daddy that's how my guy really looks like I got confused all of these are for Mike okay.
cgv	yep.
kid	that's how my guy looks like all of these are for Mike where right.
kid	all of these are for Mike.
cgv	do you wan(t) (t)a color em too.
kid	no.
cgv	what did you do today.
kid	I played and I didn't feel like going out so I goed@n to school and I didn't go out side to play (be)cause I didn't feel like playing outside.
cgv	what would have happened if we went sledding this morning.
kid	we did.
cgv	what would have happened if we would have went sledding.
kid	we did go sledding do you have any idea what my guy could stand next to.
kid	and something that he could lift up and throw.
kid	Daddy I think both of my guys got kungfu grips.
cgv	you think so.
kid	I think so I think one of em was tricking me I couldn't hold him.
cgv	how was he tricking you.
kid	hey somebody might be here.
cgv	no I don't think so Lou and Elliot are going to come first.
kid	first from who.
cgv	Lou and Elliot are going to come and then Mike and Edna are going to come.
kid	oh well when are Mike and Edna gon (t)a come.
cgv	about eight o'clock where do you want to put your surprise.
kid	my surprise for for who.
cgv	this.
kid	somewhere where nobody could sit on it right in the closet.
cgv	no hey leave em in the wrapper.
kid	I am leaving em in.
cgv	are you.
kid	yeah they just fell out right here right here.
cgv	okay that's a good idea.
kid	this is gon (t)a be the hardest one Dad.
cgv	is this yours.
kid	yeah those are mine and even this tongue depressor.
cgv	that's yours too.
kid	yeah the smallest name is mine hey why don't you turn off the all the lights.
cgv	how come.
kid	because that's what I want to do.
cgv	go ahead.
kid	just leave that light on.
cgv	no let's turn it off too.
kid	no turn on that light then it'll all be right.
cgv	this one.
kid	yeah that one.
cgv	let's leave this one on too.
kid	why.
cgv	(be)cause we need lights on.
kid	why.
cgv	(be)cause we need light to see.
kid	hey Daddy I'll stand on that rocking chair fifty five times if somebody stands on there I'll say +"/..
kid	+" no you can't.
cgv	what are you doing.
kid	I'm hiding my head I scared me.
cgv	how.
kid	and I scared myself Daddy.
cgv	what.
kid	if we turned that one off then we could leave that one on.
cgv	then I couldn't read could I.
kid	I could.
cgv	how.
kid	I got dark glasses.
cgv	they won't help you read when it's dark.
kid	yeah they will.
cgv	how.
kid	because my eyes will help me read I'll show you I will I'll show you how I could really read in this.
cgv	don't you'll hurt your eyes okay.
kid	okay I just wanted to sit down.
kid	oh you have me stuck.
kid	I'm getting out of here Daddy.
kid	do you know the door gots@n a light on.
cgv	the door does.
kid	it gots@n a reading thing on so we could read.
cgv	I didn't know that.
kid	I holded my eyes because I scared myself I thought the castle was a giant's castle.
cgv	Abe you opened the door.
kid	okay I'll open it.
cgv	no you already opened it this one how come you opened it.
kid	I didn't the wind did.
cgv	what really happened.
kid	I forgot what did Mike get.
cgv	tenure.
kid	what does tenure mean.
cgv	it means he got a good job.
kid	oh my feet are scared but not me.
cgv	what are your feet scared of.
kid	my feet are scared of the light.
cgv	why don't you turn it on if they're scared.
kid	okay no my feet are scared of the light are (a)fraid of the light.
cgv	they're not afraid of the dark.
kid	no they're even afraid of the rug too.
kid	I'm gon (t)a have a hard time walking.
kid	I could read myself.
kid	I'm gon (t)a read my foot.
kid	weird I bited my finger.
kid	I'm gon (t)a keep all this stuff these.
kid	Daddy what's on the light.
cgv	what do you mean +"/..
cgv	+" what's on the light.
kid	never mind my hands covered my eyes hey Daddy what what's who's knocking at the door.
cgv	nobody.
kid	I heared@n somebody.
cgv	that's somebody next door.
kid	do you know there's two next door neighbors from us.
kid	there's not many next doors there's just two next doors Daddy Daddy can I try that with my silly putty.
cgv	sure do you want me to put it on the floor.
kid	yeah put it on the floor look Dad.
cgv	let's see hey that didn't it.
kid	yeah a little good.
