participant	content
cgv	I don't know you can watch.
kid	Daddy I wan(t) (t)a play softball not watch.
cgv	we'll see we'll have to see what the other kids do.
kid	Daddy look I found a bunny see Grandma and Grandpa got it to me.
cgv	wow I bet Karen made that for you.
kid	yeah I bet Karen did I would like to see her again.
cgv	what.
kid	I really like Karen I'm gon (t)a go get some water one more.
cgv	what did you do at school today.
kid	just played and played and played and didn't have snack+time that day.
cgv	you didn't have snack+time today.
kid	no.
cgv	how come.
kid	I don't know we played outside.
cgv	you did.
kid	yeah we always do that at school sometimes.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I want some more graham crackers and some milk.
cgv	get at the table and I'll see if I can fulfill your request.
kid	Daddy what is that for.
cgv	what.
kid	that.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	he got me on the head.
cgv	that sure is a funny rabbit.
kid	Daddy look this just broke one of his ears.
cgv	here it is maybe we can glue it on.
kid	glue it on that would be a really good idea poor bunny he really hops right on his head and he just got broken he really hops.
cgv	why did he get broken.
kid	he really hopped so good (ex)cept he jumped up and got brokened@n.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy where did my knife go Mommy was using it.
cgv	I think she put it in the sink because it needed to be washed.
kid	I saw it on the floor under the table you were wrong.
cgv	go get it.
kid	see it was under the table it wasn't on the table it was under the table.
cgv	that's right.
kid	I cutted my graham cracker I cutted it.
cgv	why don't you eat it.
kid	&la &la &la &la &la lemon hey lemon begins with l@l.
cgv	that's right.
kid	and pear begins with l@l.
cgv	pear begins with l@l.
kid	yeah.
cgv	listen [=! makes L sound] lemon [=! makes P sound] pear now do they both begin with l@l.
kid	yeah.
cgv	no.
kid	pear begins with p@l.
cgv	that's right with p@l.
kid	pizza and popcorn and a row+boat begins with p@l right.
cgv	wrong row+boat begins with r@l is that broken.
kid	yeah it sure is broken giants of the Sea know what are giants of the sea.
cgv	what.
kid	hawks are giants of the sea and dinosaurs can't reach up to the sky this dinosaur can't reach up to the sky (ex)cept hawks can reach up to the sky hey did you see that.
kid	I throwed my kangaroo and it hopped so good can you sing +"/..
kid	+" we are glad to greet you.
cgv	we are glad to greet you.
kid	yeah we singed we sung that at school.
cgv	you did.
kid	Daddy let's go play softball.
cgv	it's not time yet we have to wait until it's time.
kid	maybe it's twelve o'clock.
cgv	it's six thirty and we're going to play softball at seven.
kid	look this is fixed now.
cgv	yeah yeah.
kid	can I draw on my head.
cgv	your head's not paper.
kid	maybe I can draw on your face it looks like paper.
cgv	no.
kid	yeah it looks like paper.
cgv	you can't draw on it.
kid	Daddy you could draw on your own face.
cgv	no I can't.
kid	why.
kid	if it's your own face you could draw on it.
cgv	why would I want to do that.
kid	because you are the one that likes to draw on faces.
cgv	oh I don't like to draw on faces.
kid	I do hey Dad see that picture.
kid	that's a picture of Ann.
cgv	is it.
kid	yeah because Ann has a face like that and Ann sits on this kind of chair a wood chair and mmm and she just sits around.
cgv	she just sits around.
kid	yeah Ann does lots of things today I can have hot chocolate for breakfast I love hot chocolate.
cgv	do you mean that tomorrow morning you want hot chocolate for breakfast.
kid	yeah tomorrow Mommy said I could have hot chocolate and and orange juice for breakfast tomorrow day.
cgv	she did.
kid	yeah Daddy I wan(t) (t)a go play outside.
cgv	why don't you wait a little while and then we'll go play softball.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go outside now.
kid	outside is a good place for me.
kid	so I'm gon (t)a go outside Daddy.
kid	I don't know how to use my my hockey stick.
kid	is this how.
cgv	yep that's how.
kid	I'm gon (t)a go outside now.
cgv	okay.
kid	you should have taken short.
cgv	I should have taken shorts.
kid	short time.
cgv	a short time did it take too long to play softball.
kid	yeah why did you turn that off.
cgv	nothing is on right now.
kid	I thought so.
cgv	something else is on soon.
kid	when is something else on.
cgv	huh.
kid	when is something else on.
kid	when you when you're through pooping.
kid	is that when something's on.
cgv	I'm not gon (t)a poop hey let me out.
kid	I'm just trying to make a jail.
cgv	oh do you want some hot chocolate.
kid	yeah turn the oven on too.
cgv	it's on.
kid	I'm really cold.
cgv	does the oven make you feel better.
kid	yeah that's hot.
cgv	is it hot.
kid	yeah I touched it I comed@n up and then I touched it that side.
cgv	don't touch it again it is hot.
kid	maybe I can make a mmm.
cgv	what.
kid	you took so long and I said to myself maybe I could make a mmm.
cgv	make a what.
kid	a mmm so I did.
cgv	what did you make.
kid	a.
cgv	what's a yyy.
kid	a rass@c.
cgv	oh take a rest.
kid	no I wanted to make a rass@c a jail.
cgv	a jail.
kid	yeah I didn't know how to make that.
cgv	you didn't.
kid	I didn't know how to make that with mine kind of clay Daddy show me how to make this.
cgv	I will later on today or tomorrow.
kid	today.
cgv	do you want hot chocolate.
kid	yeah Daddy do you like the picture I made for Mommy.
kid	Daddy you can't get the white wood off because it's glued on I glued it on.
cgv	you did.
kid	yeah (ex)cept the teacher didn't.
cgv	I really like that picture.
kid	don't you think you don't.
cgv	I do like it.
kid	(ex)cept I don't think you do.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I I'm I I um I don't know I want a cookie a cookie a cookie and hot chocolate.
cgv	okay what happened.
kid	nothin(g) did I wanted honey and peanut butter graham crackers.
cgv	oh peanut butter graham crackers.
kid	peanut butter on my graham crackers with honey.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy fix my bunny see this part needs to be fixed.
cgv	I'll fix it Abe.
kid	Daddy this tomorrow Mommy and I are going to go hear stories at at the library.
cgv	tomorrow morning you're going to listen to stories.
cgv	tomorrow's Tuesday so you're right.
kid	Daddy see see what I'm doing.
cgv	no I don't see what are you doing.
kid	see Dad that's not good.
cgv	yeah it is did you have a good time while we played softball.
kid	no.
cgv	how come.
kid	because you took so long when you were playing baseball you weren't playing softball you were playing baseball not softball you shouldn't say softball.
cgv	softball is a type of baseball.
kid	oh.
cgv	did you see how big the ball was.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that's how come it was softball softball uses a big ball here's your cracker.
kid	(ex)cept where's my hot chocolate.
kid	how long my hot chocolate will be ready.
cgv	it's fixing now.
kid	hey did you put honey on it.
cgv	I sure did.
kid	on on on the on my peanut butter.
cgv	yeah why don't you taste it and see.
kid	I want to have my hot chocolate then I will start eating it and how (a)bout some candy after I eat this.
kid	and then after I eat my candy I could drink my hot chocolate.
cgv	you've got to eat that first.
kid	I'm waiting for my hot chocolate to be ready is it ready now.
cgv	almost I'm listening for it to boil.
kid	hot chocolate doesn't boil it's ready now Daddy get my hot chocolate now.
cgv	do you think it's ready.
kid	yeah hot chocolate doesn't boil just coffee and tea boil.
