participant	content
cgv	Lake Superior.
kid	yeah.
cgv	we're gon (t)a go by there.
kid	no we're going camping there.
cgv	know who might come with us.
kid	who.
cgv	Carrinna.
kid	Mom what's this.
kid	Mom what's this swimming.
cgv	pepper.
kid	we're going camping at Lake Superior not long I don't mean not long I mean not long from today.
cgv	Abe wants to stay as long this time as we did when we went with Jean and Lyle.
cgv	he does.
cgv	how long is that Abe.
kid	for three days I think it was a hundred days Momma.
cgv	huh.
kid	you need to take this and fix it because it got ripped again.
cgv	how long will we stay camping.
cgv	probably until Friday.
kid	isn't that long.
kid	isn't that very long.
cgv	it's long enough we have to come back so we can go to the fair.
kid	oh then we will stay a long time until the fair opens again Mom see this got ripped here was I holding this when I was at the fair.
cgv	you wore it at the fair.
kid	I couldn't see.
cgv	how come.
kid	because it went like this.
cgv	wow.
cgv	is that why you got so dizzy.
kid	yeah did you did you feel so dizzy too.
cgv	when we went to the top of the slide I did.
kid	is this a jet.
kid	it is a jet two of em crash look what it did look what it did crashed.
cgv	it looks totally different doesn't it.
kid	it looks like this this time look what it did Daddy look at this funny rock oh oh I dropped it look at this funny rock I found.
cgv	where did you find that.
kid	where I found all the other rocks.
cgv	oh we were going to get a book about rocks from the library.
kid	yeah I wan(t) (t)a know the rocks Mommy doesn't know.
cgv	I have a book about rocks.
kid	about funny rocks.
cgv	it's about all sorts of rocks.
kid	it it should be mine if we're going camping I have a book about ring rocks.
cgv	let me see the ring rocks.
kid	it's in it's in one of my books.
cgv	what are ring rocks.
kid	you make rings with em like your ring not Daddy's ring look at this these rocks I found.
cgv	oh.
kid	they're nice rocks Momma.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	what are what are those people doing in here.
cgv	they're building a building with rocks.
kid	how will they get out of the building.
cgv	use the stairway.
kid	Daddy I saw one rock on this page look at this look at this rock it has a color here.
cgv	it glitters doesn't it.
kid	yeah Dad where were you today.
cgv	where do you think I was.
kid	at at at camping.
cgv	where do you really think I was.
kid	at school.
cgv	uhhuh.
cgv	eat the rest of your sandwich now.
kid	I'm looking at this look at these stones those stones are good melted ones.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I see another rock see.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	this is what the one I found looks like.
cgv	it looks a lot like it how did it get like that.
kid	I don't know chipping it away is that how it looks like that.
kid	is +/..
cgv	look at this.
kid	is that how mine was.
cgv	Abe don't lick that.
kid	I'm not I'm just licking the peanut butter of what are these ones.
cgv	fossils.
cgv	Abe are you going to be a geologist or a paleontologist.
kid	I'm I'm gon (t)a be a airplane pilot.
cgv	oh you just like rocks.
kid	yeah I'm gon (t)a take this book on the airplane.
cgv	what are you going to do with it on the airplane.
kid	see all the rocks I found I'm not gon (t)a take everybody on.
cgv	huh.
kid	I'm not gon (t)a take everybody on the airplane I'm just gon (t)a take rocks on the airplane then take em home where could I live if I took all the rocks home.
cgv	where.
kid	yeah.
cgv	in a big house.
cgv	aren't you going to live with us when you grow up.
kid	yeah you better come with me on the airplane.
cgv	where will you take us.
kid	to the moon on the airplane this is what I wanted to make.
cgv	a penny.
kid	yeah you need to get gold and then a hammer.
cgv	you need to get copper.
kid	you need copper and gold and a hammer this is not a good book the pages keep coming out how are we gon (t)a get em in.
cgv	we'll tape em is this what you want to get Abe.
kid	yeah this is one of the kind of rocks I found look look at it it's the same rock.
cgv	almost.
kid	what are these ones.
kid	what are these ones.
cgv	those are pans that they used to use to mine gold prospectors used those.
kid	we're not prospectors aren't we.
cgv	no we're just amateurs.
kid	look at these rocks Dad isn't this a good page I did.
kid	I did that one.
cgv	you typed it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	you're really a good typist let me read it.
kid	that's what I putted is that a dumb page.
cgv	no it's good.
kid	I'm gon (t)a have some tuna Mom.
cgv	tuna.
kid	yeah can I have some tuna please.
cgv	when.
kid	now I want some now.
cgv	finish eating your sandwich now.
kid	you have a dress on right.
cgv	me.
kid	yeah.
cgv	do I have a dress on.
kid	yeah.
cgv	look again.
kid	it looks like a dress my Daddy has a dress on Leslie I got a sip of that when we bought it (ex)cept (ex)cept it was in the car.
cgv	you had a sip while you were in the car.
kid	yeah without a glass.
cgv	right out of the bottle.
kid	not with a bottle with a container.
cgv	oh here you go.
kid	I couldn't get on the table.
cgv	sit in your chair what have you been doing outside.
kid	playing.
cgv	with who.
kid	I didn't see anybody to play with.
cgv	you didn't.
kid	no I didn't see Joey or Peter.
cgv	are those the people you like to play with.
kid	yeah also Lisa.
cgv	what.
kid	there's another Lisa that lives here.
cgv	now you know two Lisas.
kid	yeah her last name is Appel.
cgv	Lisa Appel.
kid	yeah Lisa Appel how come she's named Lisa Appel.
cgv	what.
kid	how come she's named Lisa Appel.
cgv	that's her parent's name Appel.
kid	Joey's mother knows our name.
cgv	does she.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what does she think our name is.
kid	Appel.
cgv	Appel's not our name.
kid	that's what she thinks our name is.
cgv	does she know our name then.
kid	no.
cgv	if somebody thought our name was porcupine would they know our name.
kid	no.
cgv	if someone said +"/..
cgv	+" your name's Goofy.
cgv	would they think your name was Goofy.
kid	no they would be tricking me they would say +"/..
kid	+" Hi Abe we tricked you.
cgv	oh do you want a cookie.
kid	yeah these these cookies are oatmeal.
cgv	Abe there's a fire outside.
kid	where.
cgv	across the street.
kid	how come people are still there.
cgv	that was some fire wasn't it.
kid	how did the fire get in the garbage can.
cgv	somebody must have thrown something hot in there.
kid	yeah that's not nice to play with fire you might get burned in the garbage can.
cgv	that's right.
