participant	content
kid	you +....
cgv	okay I will I have to finish dishes first okay.
kid	okay no you know you could read it alright here and then you can go s@l [?] one two one two there's one right there one one one.
cgv	do you like that book.
kid	yeah.
cgv	would you like to play with this now.
kid	no.
cgv	okay you can whenever you want to okay.
cgv	I'm gon (t)a finish the dishes real quick okay.
kid	why you're gon (t)a finish finish them all.
cgv	why.
kid	yeah.
cgv	oh just so I can help Mommy.
kid	maybe Mommy will +....
cgv	what.
kid	my Mommy uh I was I didn't say anything.
cgv	oh okay.
kid	remember a long time ago when Mommy was also at school.
kid	we played with this and it got brokeded@n and then the top came and then the marble comed@n out and then we played with it right.
cgv	right.
kid	when Mommy got home her fixed it with glue right.
cgv	right again Abe we better not break it again.
kid	this is blue I like blue.
cgv	you do.
kid	yeah I like blue best because blue is the same color our car is.
cgv	oh.
kid	this is yellow where's my balls and my other bag at.
cgv	what.
kid	where's my ball my balls.
kid	where's my little my little bean bag that has to go right here.
cgv	I don't know we'll have to look for it won't we.
kid	huh.
cgv	we'll have to look for it won't we.
kid	yeah one two three milk.
cgv	what.
kid	milk.
cgv	would you like some milk.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay just a second.
kid	when Mommy gets home when Mommy's at school don't put me to bed when Mommy gets home don't put me in bed when Mommy gets home her's going to put me in bed and read to me.
cgv	I'll read to you tonight.
kid	how come.
kid	I want Mommy to.
cgv	she might have to stay at school late tonight.
kid	pretty soon her will come and then then then her will sleep with you and me you and me you and me you and me how long will you be through doing dishes.
cgv	I'm almost done there sure were a lot of dirty dishes we had a big meal didn't we.
kid	yeah we had a snack until we eated cornbread.
cgv	we ate desert first that's right.
kid	what happened to the other cactuses.
kid	what happened to that cactus.
kid	and what happened to that cactus.
cgv	oh those poor cactuses died.
kid	oh we have to fix em right.
cgv	right.
kid	a long time ago I saw I heard I said +"/..
kid	+" Mom look at look at our cactus.
kid	and her did and then it started to die yeah.
cgv	why do you think they died Abe.
kid	because.
cgv	just because.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that's too bad we sure did like our cactus.
kid	and we thought and we had a good idea while you when we when you were at school Mommy and us maked these fishes.
cgv	you like your fishes don't you.
kid	don't put em in the water.
cgv	would you like some milk.
kid	yeah are you through doing dishes.
cgv	just about.
kid	elfs are elfs are good makers.
cgv	elfs made that cornbread.
kid	no no elfs are good makers for making toys.
cgv	oh you like your toys don't you.
kid	yeah.
cgv	maybe we should write the elves and thank them.
kid	we should.
cgv	I think we should too what should we say to them.
kid	remember uh remember we uh a long time ago uh uh we started to make uh uh Mommy and us started to read a book and make that water is so fun that hot water is fun to swim in I like hot water.
cgv	you do.
kid	yeah.
cgv	do you want to take a bath with me later.
kid	Mommy marked these.
cgv	she did.
kid	yeah.
cgv	so that you'll know that they're yours.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that was a good idea.
kid	I wanted Mommy to mark these.
cgv	good here's your milk.
kid	that's uh that's where Mommy marked them when people don't steal things they don't have ta go to jail right.
cgv	when they steal things.
kid	then they do have to go to jail when they do steal things I got this Frisbee for Christmas at Grandma's house.
cgv	that's right wasn't that nice.
kid	yeah.
cgv	you got a lot of nice things.
kid	we forgot something else at Texas for uh for +....
cgv	what did we forget.
kid	we forgot uh remember.
kid	we maked cookies.
cgv	we forgot the cookies.
kid	no no no Mommy and I while you were at school maked cookies.
cgv	today.
kid	Greggy and I and me and and Andy and Mommy maked cookies.
cgv	today.
kid	yeah.
cgv	can I have one.
kid	what.
cgv	can I have a cookie.
kid	yeah go get one okay.
cgv	okay thank you.
kid	do you know how to read this and another one over there.
kid	read these books.
cgv	do you want me to read two books to you.
kid	yeah two.
cgv	I'll read as soon as I'm through eating my cookie okay.
kid	okay are you through doing dishes.
cgv	yeah I'm done.
kid	some some look and see my Roadrunner.
cgv	somebody busted his head.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I can fix it let me see.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a put it in there.
cgv	oh you're gon (t)a fix it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay.
kid	it's hard to put this head on.
cgv	it sure is hard pick up your corn bread it's making a mess on the mattress.
kid	and throw it on the floor.
cgv	no put it in this trash+can right here.
kid	I'm gon (t)a throw it.
cgv	good shot.
kid	remember when a long time ago you played um um um a ball with red stripes on it and while you (h)ere playing ball with a striped ball Mommy maked cutted a hole out of that trash thing then then I was playing basketball and then the basketball got brokened@n.
cgv	I remember we had a small striped ball right.
kid	yeah.
cgv	and Mommy cut the bottom out of a trash basket like that one right there.
kid	yeah.
cgv	and we played basketball with it until somebody broke it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I remember that was nice huh.
kid	real nice did you know this is.
kid	I know what um um I don't know what this thing is.
cgv	that animal.
kid	yeah.
cgv	it sure is funny looking isn't it.
kid	yeah do you know what it is.
cgv	it looks like a cross between a elephant and a frog do you think it's a elephant frog.
kid	yeah.
cgv	wow I'd hate to see one of those wouldn't you.
kid	I would too starfish what are these things.
cgv	those are plants.
kid	oh plants ant these and that plant died how come.
cgv	I don't know why it died maybe it was old.
kid	and two sea shells.
cgv	that's a nice picture do you like that picture.
kid	yeah and I like the pictures here too.
cgv	you do.
kid	uhhuh what's the name of this story.
cgv	the Walloping Window Blind.
kid	the Walloping Window Blind.
cgv	yep.
kid	Mommy know whats this is when it's over.
cgv	Mommy knows.
kid	mmm: these things this thing also.
cgv	wow I wish I knew that kind of stuff.
kid	pretty soon a big spaceship will crash on your head.
cgv	on my head.
cgv	I hope not oh I'm so scared help.
kid	I was teasing it will not crash on your head.
cgv	oh what a relief.
kid	I didn't know how to sing this.
cgv	you didn't.
kid	do you know.
cgv	no but maybe we can learn is that a songbook.
kid	yeah no no no no this is a song and this is a story.
cgv	oh.
kid	did you have half of a fish and and and half of a a a girl and what is this.
cgv	what.
kid	what is this thing.
cgv	that's a mermaid half a fish and half a girl.
kid	that's a mermaid hey.
kid	where's my thing.
kid	where is my cornbread.
cgv	it's right there.
kid	oh what is this thing with a a uh um this thing right here.
cgv	that's a sword fish he sure has a long nose; doesn't he.
kid	yeah what is this thing.
cgv	that's a whale a great blue whale.
kid	a funny whale what time cartoons come on.
cgv	cartoons don't come on tonight but you can watch tv at seven if you want to.
kid	okay I'm gon (t)a make my watch at seven see it goes to there and then after that it goes to seven right.
cgv	right what did you do today besides make cookies.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	did you take a nap.
kid	yeah Mommy decided it was time to take a nap now.
cgv	is that what Mommy said.
cgv	that it was time to take a nap.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I think that you played go fishing with a porcupine this morning right.
kid	I did not.
cgv	are you sure.
kid	I am not sure.
cgv	you're not sure.
kid	no what are these things.
cgv	they look like chicken peacocks.
kid	Mommy told me they are different things.
cgv	Mommy said they were something else.
kid	yeah.
cgv	let me see those are anagandzanders@n.
kid	yeah they are the anagandzanders@n.
cgv	anagandzanders@n.
kid	look at that.
cgv	they're giving him a funny bath aren't they.
kid	yeah that's the glue why he why those mans men] +s] put him in that glue.
cgv	I don't know why do you think they did that.
kid	because they are I think they are mean.
cgv	they're mean men.
kid	I think they are mean to that man because they put him in that glue what is that.
cgv	that's a tickle toe teaser would you like to have a tickle toe teaser come tickle your toes.
kid	no wowie.
kid	look at those bats that whale's trying to get one of those bats.
cgv	the whale is.
kid	yeah the whale is trying to get one of those bats.
cgv	well they better fly high huh.
kid	yeah I don't like bats can you read this one.
cgv	do you want me to read that one.
kid	yeah are you through eating your cookie.
cgv	just a second.
kid	can I have a cookie.
cgv	if you pick your cornbread up.
kid	okay cornbread and throw it in the garbage find me a garbage.
cgv	under the sink.
kid	I can't no I wan(t) (t)a throw it in the little garbage.
cgv	okay.
kid	those are oatmeal.
cgv	oatmeal cookies.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	mmm:.
kid	mmm: oatmeal did you get me one of these and where's the other baby.
kid	and it had a bubble bath too when you got me a bubble bath surprise and then the baby jumped in it.
cgv	and a bath+tub.
kid	yeah.
cgv	and the baby took a bath in the bath+tub.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what happened to it.
kid	huh.
cgv	what happened to it.
kid	it got lost.
cgv	it did.
kid	yeah.
cgv	who lost it.
kid	I guess Amara and Danny did a long time ago.
cgv	oh it sure must have been a long time ago.
kid	maybe Jean is trying to sleep.
cgv	you think so.
kid	I think so Jean downstairs.
cgv	she might be so we have to be quiet up here.
kid	I don't think so.
cgv	you don't.
kid	no it sure looks funny.
cgv	what does.
kid	this animal thing.
cgv	that animal design.
kid	yeah.
cgv	it's pretty if Mommy makes it would you like it in your room.
kid	huh.
cgv	if Mommy makes that animal design would you like it in your room.
kid	yeah remember remember remember I maked Mommy a thing that had a fat thing right here and a fat thing right here and a real long thing right in middle of it.
cgv	that thing you cut out.
kid	yeah.
cgv	yeah that was beautiful.
kid	where it is at.
cgv	I don't know when Mommy comes home we'll ask her what are you doing.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a sit with you.
cgv	okay.
kid	what's on at seven.
cgv	I don't know we'll turn it on and see okay.
kid	oh oh oh oh a nurse show.
cgv	oh a hospital show that you wan(t) (t)a watch.
kid	yeah [=! laughs] funny.
cgv	what's funny.
kid	that birthday I got at here.
cgv	the birthday you had here was funny.
kid	yeah funny as can be.
cgv	how come.
kid	because [=! laughs] (re)member (re)member (re)member uh uh um I had a book Tippy and Sue got me and it had a bear and uh a bear in it and it had a forest hotel in it.
cgv	uhhuh one had a bear in it and one had a forest hotel.
kid	and it had bees in it and a hippo and um and ten beautiful rabbits where should it be.
cgv	where's the book at.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I don't know do you want me to find it and read to you.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay.
