participant	content
kid	can I show you what I have.
kid	a hat.
cgv	that's neat where did you get that.
kid	Mom sewed this and I liked it like that and I I got it at Goodwill.
cgv	is that how it's supposed to work.
kid	yeah (ex)cept sometimes it goes this way.
cgv	when did you get it.
kid	today at the Goodwill.
cgv	it looks nice.
kid	if I go like this then it goes all the way down but if I go like this then it's almost okay.
cgv	yeah.
kid	or if I go like this it looks funny.
cgv	let me see if I can fix it.
kid	hey Daddy.
kid	look I got words words of happiness.
cgv	yeah where'd you get that.
kid	in the mail.
cgv	from who.
kid	from Grandpa and Grandma your dads.
cgv	oh my who.
kid	your Dad and Mom.
cgv	oh.
kid	it's not too far down is it.
cgv	no.
kid	Dad should I show you what I am.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I'll show you this is the guy the point's supposed to be in the front this is the guy see.
kid	the point's supposed to be in the front.
cgv	oh are you gon (t)a get a feather.
kid	does that guy have a feather.
cgv	no he sure doesn't does he.
kid	this one does hey Daddy if this hat was flat it would be like this guy and not like this guy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid.	
cgv	you're gon (t)a rip it out if you keep pulling it like that.
kid	I sure those things won't rip out if it was flat on this side and you were wearing it what would you look like.
kid	I want see those things don't look good hey Dad you just look like a town_guy@n.
cgv	what kind of town_guy@n.
kid	a police_town_guy@n.
cgv	what is a police_town_guy@n.
kid	it's a guy that goes around looking for guys who rob things.
cgv	oh do you mean a policeman.
kid	yeah now how do I look.
kid	Dad what do I look like.
cgv	you just look silly.
kid	Daddy I'll show you how I look in just a second.
cgv	you look silly.
kid	oh I sure do now how do I look.
kid	now how do I look.
kid	now how do I look.
kid	I'm the same as this guy now do I look funny.
cgv	no you look like a revolutionary war guy.
kid	now how do I look.
cgv	silly.
kid	hey where are you Dad.
kid	I can't see you help me up I can't get up I fell on my head 0 [=! laughs] Dad there's a thing stuck under here I'm trying to get it out.
cgv	you're ruining your hat.
kid	my hat's not even on I'll put it right here why don't you make a slide for me.
cgv	Abe you're too big to slide on my legs.
kid	oh that sure was fun can I lasso your legs.
cgv	if you want.
kid	put your legs up Dad make a lasso with this.
cgv	I can't Mom's going to use that to tie the boxes up.
kid	huh.
cgv	Mom's going to use that to tie the boxes up.
kid	no she can't Mom can't do that when she gets home tell her she's not.
cgv	I think she is.
kid	can I lasso you legs.
cgv	you can try to tie them up if you want to.
kid	okay.
cgv	what have you been doing all day.
kid	playing I been playing all day mostly I didn't play in the sandbox.
cgv	oh what else have you been doing.
kid	me and Joey played pirate me I have been playing all day that's all I didn't come in the house very much until Mom told me.
cgv	oh.
kid	Dad this is the way that I learned how to tie in school this is how Indians tie people's feet up.
cgv	oh do you want to go play pool tonight.
kid	okay with Mom.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I'd like to go bowling.
cgv	maybe we can do that another night.
kid	wow.
kid	Daddy wasn't that a quickie to get it off.
cgv	yeah that was good.
kid	that was quicker than I tied.
cgv	uhhuh you untied it quicker than you tied it.
kid	should I do it again.
cgv	if you want to.
kid	okay this time I'm going to do it really good.
cgv	okay.
kid	gosh this rope is kind of wrecked.
cgv	what.
kid	this rope is getting kind of wrecked look.
cgv	maybe you ought to quit playing with it.
kid	why.
kid	Dad that's hard to get off this time Dad want to go play a little football.
cgv	I'll play with you in here for a little while.
kid	the oil lamp's in here.
cgv	you just watch where you throw it.
kid	okay you have to watch too the oil lamp's right here.
cgv	good throw.
cgv	ready.
kid	yeah.
cgv	you don't have to fall down everytime you throw.
kid	I know but it's hard to throw it sometimes.
cgv	oh.
kid	we were babysitting a baby today and that's Terri.
cgv	whose baby is it.
kid	Tanya's are you ready.
cgv	yeah quit falling down on purpose.
kid	I'm not Daddy I laugh so much that I fall down.
cgv	what.
kid	I laugh so much that I fall down.
cgv	oh laughing makes you fall down.
kid	yeah Daddy I caught it so hard it popped right out of my hands.
cgv	you didn't catch it.
kid	uhhuh Daddy my arms went real tight and it zoomed out of my hands.
cgv	oh.
kid	Dad I'll show you what I did that's what happened.
cgv	Abe don't fall down all the time okay.
kid	I'll try Daddy I was going like this and fell down by accident I didn't want to.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy you almost won a score it almost went in the box.
cgv	I almost won what.
kid	a score you almost won eight dollars hey.
kid	that was a neat one you tricked me Dad can I show you something.
cgv	yeah.
kid	watch it walks like a person walks.
cgv	yeah it waddles.
kid	and watch it can do somersaults.
cgv	uhhuh quit falling down.
kid	okay I'll try not to Dad do you know what's in here.
kid	I don't.
cgv	me either.
kid	hey Dad once I saw at the store I got my football a football this big gosh I caught it and kicked it at the same time right Dad.
cgv	you didn't catch it but you did kick it.
kid	I caught it though.
cgv	uhuh.
kid	I got it that time.
cgv	good catch kick it now o:h good kick.
kid	you do it now.
