participant	content
kid	no.
cgv	what do you want then.
kid	I'm gon (t)a tell you.
cgv	okay.
kid	how (a)bout a spoon of honey or a spoon of peanut butter.
kid	I want one of those.
cgv	how (a)bout a spoon of peanut butter.
kid	okay and something to drink like milk.
cgv	okay what did you do at Joey's last night.
kid	I don't know I forgot.
cgv	that's too bad did you sleep late this morning.
kid	not very late.
cgv	did you come home as soon as you woke up or did you stay over there for awhile.
kid	I stayed over there for awhile and ate breakfast.
cgv	oh did you have a good time.
kid	I don't know yeah I had a really good time with three persons we played road+runner.
cgv	what.
kid	with three persons we played road+runner.
cgv	was that fun.
kid	yeah with three persons or four persons no three persons were the road+runners.
cgv	how did you play it.
kid	I forgot how to play it yep I forgot how to play it Daddy can I have another spoon of.
cgv	another spoon of what.
kid	of peanut butter and jelly.
cgv	peanut butter you mean.
kid	uhhuh and milk.
cgv	okay.
kid	or water.
cgv	which one do you want.
kid	water (be)cause water is good for you.
cgv	okay here you go.
kid	thanks.
cgv	what have you been doing outside this morning.
kid	playing.
cgv	what have you been playing.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	you don't know very much today do you.
kid	no (be)cause I forget can I have something else to drink.
cgv	what do you want.
kid	milk or water.
cgv	which one.
kid	water because I already had two glasses of milk and only one glass of water.
cgv	okay.
kid	milk and water are both good for you.
cgv	I know what would happen if you never drank milk.
kid	then your body wouldn't grow and you would always be little even when you were growed@n up you would be little if you never got milk right.
cgv	right where are you going.
kid	I'm going outside to play.
cgv	what would you do if I tied you up and didn't let you go out.
kid	you can't I'm already out.
cgv	oh you tricked me.
kid	yeah I tricked you so you couldn't catch me and tie you up.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a eat a orange and take it outside.
cgv	okay.
kid	do you wan(t) (t)a get it.
cgv	just a second.
kid	Mother the tinker+toy's in the branch the tinker+toy's in the branch the tinker+toy's in the branch the tinker+toy's in the branch the tinker+toy's in the branch the tinker+toy's in the branch.
cgv	oh we have to get it out.
kid	I'll try to Daddy when are you going to write on this.
kid	Daddy when are you going to write on this.
kid	here's a pencil Daddy you could use this one.
cgv	okay what would you like me to draw Abe.
kid	anything you would like to draw.
cgv	okay I'll draw a map this is San Diego and this is Boulder.
kid	Mother why can't I bring this with me to Judy's.
cgv	you can if you want to.
kid	I want to.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mother I don't want to wear this.
cgv	why not.
kid	(be)cause I don't like to wear it.
