participant	content
kid	hey Mom.
cgv	yeah lover.
cgv	what.
kid	I need I need poles for my skis.
cgv	I know I have to call some places today and then we can go get some okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	we have to get some poles and some wax.
kid	what did you say after poles.
cgv	wax.
kid	yeah wax.
cgv	we have to get some wax and wax our skis before we can go skiing.
kid	oh I thoughted thought] +ed-sup] I will eat my cinnamon toast first.
kid	(ex)cept <I decided I will my> I decided I eat my banana bread first.
kid	(ex)cept I decided I will eat my banana bread first Mom.
cgv	well you know that you don't have to eat it at the same time you can take a bite of banana bread and then take a bite of bacon and then take a bite of cinnamon toast and then take a drink of milk you don't have to eat all of your bacon then all of your toast than all of your banana bread and then drink all your milk.
kid	how come.
cgv	it's really fun to mix the flavors all up.
kid	I think I could eat two.
cgv	two pieces of toast.
kid	two one two okay.
kid	I think I will try that I think I will try that Mom.
cgv	go ahead.
kid	huh.
cgv	go ahead and try eating two.
cgv	what are you doing.
kid	I'm still tired.
cgv	it looks like you're stretching.
kid	when you put your arms like that that's when you stretch when you put your hands like this and go real high that's how you stretch.
cgv	hmm.
kid	two pieces okay I eat two pieces of bacon then I eat two pieces of toast.
cgv	we have to buy more bacon this week.
kid	huh.
cgv	we're almost out of bacon.
kid	I chopped it off I chopped it off.
cgv	uhhuh it broke into a lot of pieces it's really crisp bacon.
kid	um um um this mmm this bacon keeps stinging my tongue.
cgv	it stings your tongue.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	do you have little sores on your tongue.
cgv	do other foods make your tongue sting.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	come here and let me see your tongue does it sting when you eat toast.
kid	no it stings when I eat bacon.
cgv	oh the bacon isn't hot is it.
kid	can I have some milk.
cgv	sure drink as much milk as you want.
kid	what is that noise.
cgv	I think that it must be an orangutan drinking milk in your throat.
kid	milk.
kid	yuck.
kid	I don't like orangutans I like doggies I like doggies orangutang orangutan] can't skate with their hockey sticks.
cgv	that would be really funny to see an orangutan skating with a hockey stick.
kid	that would be neat.
cgv	it really would be does your tongue still hurt.
kid	it got alright.
cgv	it did.
kid	it got alright I don't like this chair this is a big chair my bunny can sit there her has a tummy ache.
cgv	what's wrong with her.
cgv	what did she eat to upset her tummy.
kid	nothin(g) I just put my hand in her.
cgv	oh.
kid	a marble a marble I got it hey.
kid	hey.
kid	I got a new hockey stick I got a new hockey stick.
kid	yeah hey.
kid	hey.
kid	this is Amara's iron right.
cgv	right.
kid	I'm gon (t)a take this to Amara's house so so so stay here while I take this to Amara's house okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a I wan(t) (t)a get my clothes on.
cgv	okay.
kid	I'm gon (t)a show Jean my skis.
cgv	okay.
kid	see.
kid	yeah they are pretty fine I'm gon (t)a give you a hug.
cgv	good I'd like that.
kid	this is a funny hug.
cgv	it is.
kid	yeah what Mom.
kid	what.
cgv	let me look at your tongue again does it still hurt.
kid	no are you done yet.
cgv	yeah I don't see anything wrong.
kid	more hot chocolate please.
cgv	I thought you said one hot chocolate and one glass of milk.
kid	hey where's the glass.
cgv	do you want some milk.
kid	yeah milk you didn't get me milk you didn't get me milk.
cgv	I didn't want it to get hot here you go.
kid	a eight what are these numbers.
cgv	that's a six.
kid	a six what are these numbers.
cgv	those are letters.
kid	what are these letters.
cgv	that's a n@l.
kid	what is this number.
cgv	you know that one.
kid	a n@l.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	two n's@l I need to go poo+poo I couldn't see uh I want to see myself I want the light on.
cgv	okay.
kid	what did you say.
kid	I couldn't hear you.
cgv	I said +"/..
cgv	+" I love you and I love Daddy.
kid	I said I said +"/..
kid	+" I love you.
kid	and I said +"/..
kid	+" I love Mommy and I don't love Daddy.
cgv	oh I'm so sad.
kid	I don't love Daddy any more I don't love Daddy any more.
cgv	you don't love me any more.
kid	no.
cgv	oh no.
cgv	poor Daddy.
kid	why he didn't get me anything.
kid	maybe Daddy will get you one book and I won't get anything.
cgv	poor Abe.
kid	wipe my bottom Mom.
cgv	okay just a second.
kid	huh.
cgv	here I come.
kid	are you Mom.
cgv	what.
kid	are you Mom.
cgv	no I'm the Cookie Monster.
kid	Cookie Monster.
kid	I don't see any monster no you're not a monster you don't have any fur Mom.
cgv	huh.
kid	you don't have any fur for a cookie monster you don't have any fur for a cookie monster.
cgv	I'm not furry enough.
cgv	how about uh I'm a big snowman.
kid	you don't have any snow.
cgv	I'm a big dog.
kid	yeah yeah a big kitty cat you're a big kitty cat hey I thought we could play with that zoo.
cgv	okay I forgot about it sometimes because it's way up there do you forget about it too.
kid	yeah I forget about it that thing is for checkers right.
kid	that thing is for checkers.
cgv	right that's a checker board.
kid	hey Mom.
kid	this got broken.
cgv	well we're going to have to ignore the one's that are broke this is a real fragile toy.
kid	look at this see it's not brokened@n.
cgv	it's just out of place.
kid	this is too big this is too big for this it's not glued it's not glued Mom.
cgv	does it have to be glued.
kid	yeah it has to because see it will fall.
cgv	okay I'll glue it later.
kid	look at this a wheel right here got lost.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	how come.
cgv	the wheels got off.
kid	just one.
cgv	oh.
kid	and all of these little cars and look at this look at this Mom this is this has to get a wheel too now this one can drive look at this I found something it was a rhinoceros.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah here's a rhinoceros (ex)cept a rhinoceros tried to get em and they all ran away and this has one how come.
cgv	I don't know take the other animals out and see what they are.
kid	here look at this see.
kid	these are these are two camels and are mmm go let's go these bears are gon (t)a go also This one could go where's the hippo at.
kid	I had a hippo here he is and and the boy is watching them.
cgv	uhhuh the boy could get inside one of the cages and the animals could watch him.
kid	then then the other animals will get in it and they will chase him.
cgv	oh if he gets in a cage.
kid	yeah so animals have to go in their cages now it's Christmas now it's Christmas.
cgv	how can you tell.
kid	because they have Christmas trees boys where's the uh it had two uh three boys a minute ago.
cgv	I see em all.
kid	where.
cgv	look.
kid	oh a boy is watching a polar bear another boy is watching a rhinoceros and another boy is watching a a a bear zoom.
kid	zoom.
kid	and then a loud noise came [=! hums] and all of the animals were watching and watching and hiding zoom.
kid	zoom.
kid	then it got right here and then it frightened all the animals then it camed@n and all the animals got real scared zoom.
kid	zoom.
kid	I have a good idea Mom +....
cgv	what.
kid	when I'm through playing with this maybe we can go ice skating.
cgv	maybe but I have to go to the co_op first.
kid	look I have I have I have two hands.
cgv	that's right.
kid	and I have two hands.
cgv	two hands for what.
kid	for these cars (ex)cept (ex)cept I can't hold another car.
cgv	you can hold one car in each hand.
kid	yeah two cars and and so so you I can uh this one goes on a ride and zoom.
kid	the earth shook and all the animals were hiding and hiding in their cages and the earth shook again and the giraffe was uh the giraffe was right next to a elephant and the mountain goat was right next to the buffalo and then then then the Mommy walked and she was next to the giraffe and the elephant and then zoom.
