participant	content
kid	cars and stuff hey Mommy do you wan(t) (t)a see something.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I made this thing help.
kid	help.
kid	I got a head on me I got a head on me I got a head on me I got a head on me.
cgv	what are you.
kid	I'm a boy with two heads help help I'm knocking on my head.
cgv	I didn't know you could knock your own head.
kid	I can knock it why why are you breaking my steam+roller.
cgv	I thought you wanted a steamshovel.
kid	I do.
cgv	well it needs a lot of wheels did you make this one.
kid	huh.
cgv	did you make this one.
kid	no hey you know what happened at school today.
cgv	what.
kid	you know uh I didn't you know uh I just oh well I didn't get to talk to Danny but I did talk to Greggy.
cgv	what did he say.
kid	well Andy saw me and hitted me on the back.
cgv	why.
kid	I didn't know I saw him and he said +"/..
kid	+" hi Abe.
kid	and he hitted me on the back Mommy what do you think this is.
kid	what's the name of it.
cgv.	
kid	can you read this one.
cgv	can you say.
kid	what else.
cgv.	
kid	does he eat eggs.
cgv	he looks like a good runner.
kid	Mommy.
cgv	would that help to be a swift runner.
kid	yeah.
cgv	why would it help.
kid	because he gots@n long legs does he eat meat.
cgv	what do you think.
kid	I think he eats meat.
cgv	what make you think he eats meat.
kid	because.
cgv	why.
kid	he looks like a bird eater.
cgv	what.
kid	he looks like a bird eater.
kid	Mommy what kind is this.
cgv	do you know the name.
kid	no I know this one a duck bill dinosaur.
cgv	yeah how do you know that.
kid	because I just know it gots@n a duck bill on it did you see the name.
kid	Mommy look at look at this dinosaur.
cgv	what's he doing.
kid	he's trying to walk (ex)cept he can't.
cgv	what's the problem.
kid	his foot is stuck I got it out he's walking he's walking he's walking he didn't see where he was going.
cgv	where's he going.
kid	he's walking to eat some meat and he got something stuck on his foot again and he keeps going and he keeps going.
cgv	where did he get meat.
kid	he didn't eat meat he's going to get meat.
cgv	oh where's he going to go.
kid	he's gon (t)a go to these dinosaurs and eat meat from these dinosaurs.
cgv	I thought he was going to go to the grocery store.
kid	no he ate hisself.
cgv	that's sort of hard to do.
kid	he likes meat so he ate it from hisself mmm he can't talk anymore he ate his mouth hey Mommy.
cgv	yeah.
kid	look at all those dinosaurs where do you think they're going.
cgv	into the valley to get some water.
kid	Mommy can you read this one.
cgv	yeah I don't see a name on it.
kid	it has to be hey how (a)bout this one.
kid	he was walking upside down Mommy do you need this one.
cgv	you can use it.
kid	I don't need it you can use it.
cgv	what are you going to do with this crane.
kid	make it hold up lots of dinosaurs.
cgv	what would the dinosaurs think.
kid	they would think +"/..
kid	+" wow why am I walking upside+down.
kid	hey Mommy how does it look to you.
cgv	what.
kid	my crane.
cgv	it looks like it's almost ready.
kid	well how long do you think it would have to take to that crane.
cgv	how long to finish building it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I'd say I'm at least halfway finished.
kid	you're not halfway do you want to see how big this crane has to be.
cgv	yeah.
kid	the crane has to be this big.
cgv	is that the same one as this one.
kid	it might be these dinosaurs are fighting this one survived they fell down and hit their head this one survived Mommy Mommy I didn't wear this.
cgv	what.
kid	this my Mickey Mouse thing.
cgv	oh I guess we both forgot about it this morning hmm.
kid	what.
cgv	there may not be enough pieces to make this.
kid	Mommy.
cgv	huh.
kid	Joey might be out there Joey might be out there.
cgv	what do you want to do.
kid	while you're fixing that can I go play outside.
kid	oh first I need to see if anybody's wearing a jacket.
cgv	you need to wear a jacket.
cgv	hey I forgot to show you something.
kid	did you get me a surprise.
cgv	yeah it's your own special pen for writing your name.
cgv	can I see.
kid	yeah I can't open it there I did it.
cgv	your paper's in your art box.
kid	okay Mommy I got it I gotted@n lots of em I'm gon (t)a make a little b@l I'm gon (t)a make little letters in case I goof up.
cgv	you can use both sides of the paper you know.
kid	there Mommy now I need to use the other side.
cgv	go ahead.
kid	weird it went under this side and it's on this side and look where it went.
cgv	it went all the way through the paper are you pressing hard.
kid	no now I'll do it on the other side.
cgv	okay.
kid	weird look I'm just gon (t)a write Abe ["] I'm not gon (t)a write +"/..
kid	+" Duncan.
cgv	can you spell Duncan.
kid	nope look.
cgv	Abe w@l a@l l@l t@l e@l r@l.
kid	now I need to do it on the top how does that sound.
cgv	fine.
kid	hey hey Mommy I didn't get to see that book.
cgv	oh you've seen it before.
kid	not for a long time Mommy do you wan(t) (t)a make f@l.
cgv	why don't you make it.
kid	okay after I make b@l what does that one look like.
cgv	let me see a@l b@l f@l what does that spell.
kid	you spelled it.
cgv	what does it say.
kid	you say it.
cgv	yyy.
kid	I told you it made a word yyy.
cgv	look I'm almost finished.
kid	Joey gots@n a crane.
cgv	a real one.
kid	no a real one Mommy they're stapled I can't get it off.
cgv	maybe you should leave it on then.
kid	no I could undo the staples anyway.
cgv	why.
kid	I told you I can.
cgv	I know but why did you want to.
kid	(be)cause I wanted to.
cgv	for the picture of dinosaurs.
kid	yeah Mom don't just say about it I'm gon (t)a look at it too.
cgv	what are you going to do.
kid	don't just say about it I'm going to look at it too.
cgv	at the picture.
kid	uhhuh look that's a museum where dinosaurs go.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mommy do you remember that flying bird and it's a dinosaur.
cgv	uhhuh do you know its name.
kid	no I don't because this is gon (t)a be a dinosaur thing Mommy look what I found where do you think the other one is.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	Mommy.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I mean Daddy Daddy.
cgv	what.
kid	what do you think.
cgv	about what.
kid	are we going to look for all these dinosaur bones.
cgv	all those different types.
kid	yeah.
cgv	when.
kid	any day when we go to Texas.
cgv	sure we'll look.
kid	(ex)cept Daddy instead of these two take this one away and look how much one two three four five five dinosaurs hop hop kangaroo hop hop hop hop.
cgv	where's he hopping to.
kid	he's hopping to dinosaur land what do you think the kangaroo's gon (t)a think.
cgv	when.
kid	at dinosaur land.
cgv	he'll probably be scared hey here's your crane.
kid	yea hey I know what it could pull.
cgv	what.
kid	I'll show you tie it on to this and it would pull that up I wan(t) (t)a do that look it would be taller right here if we put this here.
cgv	do you want to do that.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mommy.
cgv	what.
cgv	did it work.
kid	not when I pulled this it didn't get that going up.
cgv	I know let me see maybe I can fix it.
kid	let me try.
cgv	okay.
kid	do you know if if if those are the right things or not.
cgv	they are.
kid	hey he's going somewhere else to practice.
cgv	where's he going.
kid	hey Mom could you help it.
cgv	sure.
kid	he needs to go in the kitchen he's going oh he broke Mom.
cgv	huh.
kid	can you fix it.
kid	it's broke I'm fixing it can you help me.
