participant	content
cgv	let me finish doing the dishes first and then we can hey you know what.
kid	what.
cgv	I don't know what you did today.
kid	what was it.
cgv	what did you do today.
kid	we went to Amara party.
cgv	did you have a good time.
kid	yeah and it had cupcakes.
cgv	oh I love cupcakes do you like cupcakes.
kid	yeah cupcakes.
cgv	do you know what I have.
kid	what.
cgv	I think I might have a surprise for you.
kid	like what.
cgv	I don't know can you guess.
kid	no I don't think so look and see.
cgv	look at what it is it's a sucker.
kid	a sucker.
kid	how long will you go.
cgv	how long until I go to school.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I'm not gon (t)a go until seven thirty or seven forty five okay.
kid	I want you to get me down there.
cgv	down to Tom's.
kid	yeah down to Tom's.
cgv	we'll have to see if you're tired I'll put you to bed if you're not tired I'll take you to Tom's.
kid	I don't think I'm not tired any more.
cgv	you don't think you're not tired.
kid	no because I took a nap.
cgv	oh you mean that you're not tired.
kid	no because I took a nap when Andy and Greggy were here.
cgv	oh does that mean that you're not tired.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	oh I wasn't sure what you meant did you have a good time when they were here.
kid	uhhuh when you were not here I started to get lonely.
cgv	oh what.
kid	when you were not here I think I started to get lonely.
cgv	when I wasn't here.
kid	yeah.
cgv	oh I'm sure glad that I came home then I don't like it when Abe's lonely what else did you do taday today].
kid	I don't know.
cgv	you don't know.
kid	we didn't go outside we just eat lunch.
cgv	you didn't go outside.
kid	no we just eat lunched@n.
cgv	you just ate lunch.
kid	yeah.
cgv	and then what happened.
kid	nothing then.
cgv	nothing.
kid	uh uh.
cgv	you mean you didn't do anything at all all day long.
kid	uh uh.
cgv	gee that must have been real boring what's that.
cgv	let me see what that is.
kid	it's part of my watch I think.
cgv	part of your watch.
kid	uhhuh maybe it got brokened@n.
cgv	I think you're right where is your watch.
kid	I don't think it got brokened@n Dad.
cgv	you don't think it did.
kid	no.
cgv	then what is this.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	I think that it is part of your watch we'll have to look for it.
kid	it's not part of my watch Daddy.
cgv	it's not.
kid	no.
cgv	good I hope you're right is that another piece.
kid	yeah.
cgv	we'll have to find the rest and put it all together soon.
kid	what.
cgv	your watch.
kid	it wasn't my part of my watch Daddy.
cgv	it wasn't.
kid	no.
cgv	I wish I knew what it was what toys did you play with today.
kid	we cutted out some of these.
cgv	oh what is that.
kid	a fishing pole.
cgv	was it fun cutting them out.
kid	yeah.
cgv	when did you do that.
kid	today.
cgv	oh did you do it before lunch.
kid	no after lunch.
cgv	did you do it before you took a nap.
kid	I think I cut it out.
cgv	what.
kid	here.
cgv	you think what.
kid	I think I cut it out with my scissors I'm gon (t)a wash my hands they're dirty.
cgv	okay come here.
kid	are you through washing dishes.
cgv	not quite I'm almost through though go throw this in the wash for me okay.
cgv	go throw this in the dirty clothes.
kid	where's the dirties at.
cgv	under the sink in the bath+room.
kid	I need to go tee+tee turn the light on.
cgv	I think there's plenty of light it's light outside see.
kid	no when I goed@n in there it was dark.
cgv	when you just went in there.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay.
kid	know what Daddy.
kid	know what.
cgv	what.
kid	I made a canoe for my own know what.
kid	Mommy said I couldn't use her knives to cut it out because I cut it out with this.
cgv	you couldn't use what.
kid	I couldn't use Mommy's knives because see I used my scissors instead and I cutted that out couldn't work very good.
cgv	your scissors don't work very good.
kid	no because I made my own canoe.
cgv	you made your own canoe.
kid	yeah so I couldn't uh uh I think I need to make my bigger canoe I think I need to make my bigger canoe I ever seen in my whole life hey hey what are these doing here.
kid	I found my scissors.
cgv	yea yea.
kid	I need to get three pieces of paper three pieces okay Daddy.
cgv	what.
kid	I need to get three pieces of paper.
cgv	okay.
kid	I'm gon (t)a make a canoe this goes right here right here I think I know how to do it this time.
cgv	good how do you do it.
kid	like this.
cgv	wow you're going to cut all those.
kid	yeah because this is what canoes look like.
cgv	oh.
kid	they're long and longest hey I think I made my own canoe I think I could fit in it.
cgv	what.
kid	this I made my own canoe I think I could fit in it now.
cgv	what will fit in it now.
kid	me.
cgv	you're gon (t)a go in that canoe.
kid	yeah tape this one to the other one tape this together then know what.
kid	we only need two pieces of tape and then I can fit in it.
cgv	where are you going to go in it.
kid	I'm just gon (t)a pretend I made a canoe.
cgv	where are you going to pretend you're going.
kid	I'm just gon (t)a pretend I'm going somewhere.
cgv	where.
kid	nowhere.
cgv	nowhere.
cgv	I thought that you'd go somewhere.
kid	okay now I think I'm going.
cgv	have a good trip.
kid	I'm not going anywhere I'm just pretending I'm going.
cgv	oh.
kid	hey where's the tape at Daddy.
cgv	where's what.
kid	the tape I think the tape's right here Daddy maybe the tape's in your in your drawers Daddy maybe the tape's in your drawers.
cgv	in my drawer.
kid	yeah.
cgv	do you want me to get it for you.
kid	yeah I think so because I'm gon (t)a tape this.
cgv	here it is how's it going.
kid	pretty fine I think I need to sort o(f) paint this.
cgv	you need to paint it.
kid	yeah because see.
cgv	why don't you use your colors.
kid	(be)cause colors are color stuff I think I need I wan(t) (t)a use paintings for this.
cgv	some what.
kid	paintings.
cgv	you think painting's necessary.
kid	yeah I think so.
kid	see it's so long.
kid	Daddy I think that when you're through <doing something> washing dishes.
kid	that I'm gon (t)a cut it like that so I can fit in it.
cgv	you're going to do what.
kid	cut it so I could fit in it.
cgv	oh it's too long for you now.
kid	yeah I wan(t) (t)a paint it.
cgv	what are you going to paint with.
kid	with my with my water colors.
cgv	okay.
kid	I made it made it made it made it.
cgv	are you about ready.
kid	yeah I think they're real long I think they're real long I like these.
cgv	Abe guess what.
kid	what.
cgv	guess.
kid	I don't know you're through.
cgv	what.
kid	I think um I don't know what I said.
cgv	well you should have guessed that I was through.
kid	did guess that.
cgv	and now I'm going to get your watercolors.
kid	know what.
kid	this one fits on perfectly (ex)cept this one is so hard.
cgv	those two parts fit together perfectly.
kid	no this one uh only one fits perfectly and the other the other the other uh this one and this one.
cgv	one piece works and one piece doesn't.
kid	why what are you doing.
cgv	I'm just going to sit over here.
kid	was that funny.
cgv	what.
kid	when I putted that in then I painted.
cgv	yeah that was pretty funny.
kid	know what.
cgv	what.
kid	because when this don't has a hole then I won't fit in it very well.
cgv	oh it doesn't have a hole.
kid	lot of squares in it that's what holes look like.
cgv	holes look like squares.
kid	yeah holes look like squares.
cgv	oh I didn't know that.
kid	sometimes they do.
cgv	and sometimes they don't.
kid	if it don't has lot of holes then people won't fit in it.
cgv	you have to make some holes in it so people can fit in it.
kid	yeah just one for me some people are at my house when you're at school.
cgv	who comes at your house when I'm at school.
kid	Greggy and Andy do.
cgv	oh.
kid	so this is gon (t)a be a real surprise for only me and I'm not gon (t)a let em break it only a pretty canoe.
cgv	how's it going.
kid	pretty fine.
cgv	are you just about through painting.
kid	no after this side then I need to dry it off when it won't all dry by itself.
cgv	how are you going to dry it off.
kid	with with a hankie.
cgv	oh you're going to use a hankie to blot the excess paint off.
kid	yeah excess paint excess takes a long time it's gon (t)a be short I think.
cgv	I thought that it was long.
kid	it is long now (ex)cept after this side it's gon (t)a be short.
cgv	what are you doing now.
kid	I'm gon (t)a get the excess water excess paint off.
cgv	what is the excess paint.
kid	just like this.
cgv	oh the stuff that's not dry.
kid	yeah.
cgv	who is that for.
kid	just for me.
cgv	oh.
kid	hey I need uh after this I need more tape after this I need two more tapes know why.
cgv	why.
kid	because this +/..
cgv	oh I see why here I'll give you some tape.
kid	two pieces.
cgv	okay here you go.
kid	this is a canoe people could fit in it if it don't has holes uh people could fit in it when it has lot of holes.
cgv	oh it won't work if it doesn't have holes.
kid	no it won't work when it don't has holes in it.
cgv	oh.
kid	this is gon (t)a be a boat that that don't needs paddles.
cgv	it doesn't need paddles.
kid	no.
cgv	how it's gon (t)a go.
kid	it's just gon (t)a go then it's gon (t)a tip over and get my feet wet.
cgv	wow are you gon (t)a swim.
kid	yeah this is a funny boat.
cgv	it sure is know what.
cgv	I really like your boat.
kid	you could fit in it also when when you make your own boat.
cgv	oh I have to make my own.
kid	yeah when when you're through doing that hey this don't have a hole in it yet.
cgv	where's it need a hole at.
kid	right here.
cgv	how do you make a hole.
kid	you cut it.
cgv	are you going to cut it.
kid	yeah no you're gon (t)a cut it I think okay.
cgv	okay let me find some scissors.
kid	hey scissors won't work.
cgv	how come.
kid	because you cut it.
cgv	what do you need to do to make a little hole.
kid	you get a little saw.
cgv	oh I'm not sure that'll work if I use scissors I think I can do it.
kid	hey don't do it like that you might break it.
cgv	okay but how do I do it then.
kid	you use one side.
cgv	right here.
kid	no no I think with Mommy's scissors will be a good idea.
cgv	you think I need to use Mommy's scissors.
kid	yeah they will work pretty easily.
cgv	oh.
kid	those are just for daddies and Mommas.
cgv	uhhuh okay show me how to do it.
kid	right here.
cgv	do I start right here.
kid	not like that do it with one side.
cgv	just cut a hole in the middle.
kid	yeah right here.
cgv	show me how much you want cut out.
kid	right here and right here and right here and right here and right here.
cgv	like this.
kid	no no you might break it like that.
cgv	I won't break it should I cut it like this.
kid	no.
cgv	I don't understand how do +....
