participant	content
cgv	yeah that's right let's get you some water.
kid	when Mommy gets home I'm gon (t)a tell her I brushed my teeth.
cgv	she'll be so happy when you tell her.
kid	this is real neat Dad.
cgv	that's real neat.
kid	yeah because when this one goes in all the way that's that's real funny.
cgv	oh.
kid	I'm getting so hot Daddy.
cgv	you're getting hot.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	how come.
kid	because when the sun goes down real slowly it makes me hot.
cgv	when what happens.
kid	when the sun goes down real slowly it makes me hot.
cgv	oh.
kid	hey I said after you were through wishing dishes we could go outside and play for a little while.
cgv	well why don't we stay in here for a little while and then we can go out and play okay.
kid	when the sun goes down.
cgv	maybe.
kid	hey I have a good idea.
cgv	what.
kid	we could uh I have this is a good idea we could go out and play and after we goed@n out uh when we started go out and play we could play a game.
cgv	what kind of game could we play.
kid	a animal game.
cgv	oh you mean when we come back in we could play a game.
kid	yeah no now we could.
cgv	now.
kid	where the icicles at.
cgv	I think they're melting it's hard to see with all the moisture on the window.
kid	just snowflakes the icicles are gone since they're gone their their their shadows their big long shadows aren't there.
cgv	oh.
kid	hey hey one have a good idea why don't we play on your desk.
cgv	play what.
kid	a animal game on your desk.
cgv	okay get your animals.
kid	okay I'm gon (t)a get my barn full of animals first then we can play a game here this is soaking wet we have ta play I decided we could play on the floor.
cgv	oh say I have an idea.
kid	what.
cgv	why don't we build something with your blocks instead.
cgv	would you like that.
kid	okay when we have I have another box full too.
cgv	two boxes full.
kid	I mean I mean I have three instead that's three and three makes fourteen makes eighteen okay I got em all sort up now.
cgv	okay.
kid	we don't need this anyway.
cgv	what.
kid	this (re)frigerator.
cgv	oh we sure don't why don't you put it back in the house.
kid	I have a good idea when the sun comes up we could go to the grocery store with you and Mommy and Abe.
cgv	what are we going to do at the grocery store.
kid	we could buy some food.
cgv	are we out of food.
kid	we're almost out.
cgv	oh almost I don't know what I'm gon (t)a do if we run out of food I'm gon (t)a be so hungry.
kid	Mommy could buy us some ice cream or something.
cgv	oh is that the kind of food we need.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	what about sausage.
kid	sausage.
kid	we're not out of sausage yet.
cgv	what about potatoes.
kid	oh we are out of potatoes sure I think so.
cgv	we are out.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	if we get some will you eat some.
kid	when I grow up just like you are.
cgv	well you've got to eat some potatoes before you grow up like me didn't you know that.
kid	no.
cgv	yeah.
kid	no what.
kid	who's out there dingle_turkey@c.
cgv	did you call me a dingle_turkey@c.
kid	no my bunny.
cgv	you called your bunny a dingle_turkey@c.
kid	uhhuh because he did something wrong.
cgv	what did he do wrong.
kid	he jumped on the bed with his shoes on.
cgv	man was Mommy home.
kid	yeah and her said +"/..
kid	+" bunny don't hop on your bed with your shoes on.
cgv	is that what she said.
kid	yeah.
cgv	and what did lovey say.
kid	her said +"/..
kid	+" duh_dah duh_dah.
cgv	oh what happened next.
kid	some big alligators comed@n and so bunny got afraid and he got his gun and went in the stream and then he went and catched a alligator now alligators don't crawl on the floor and scare Bunny.
cgv	oh.
kid	I think I uh hey hey Dad numbers.
cgv	yeah those are number blocks huh.
kid	I have a good idea we all need to get together and make train.
cgv	oh put all the numbers together and make a long train.
kid	uhhuh can we make a train after you blow your nose.
cgv	okay why don't I make one train and you can make another train and we'll see which one's fastest okay.
kid	okay here's your box full.
cgv	that's my bucket full of blocks.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	thank you.
kid	hey hey Dad someone broke this someone broke my glasses who broketed@n them.
cgv	I don't know we'll have to fix em do you like em like that.
kid	no I like them with colors in.
cgv	you'd rather have the lenses in.
kid	yeah this is a good I have this is not a good idea to do it I'll make my train first this is gon (t)a be an engine hey.
kid	you're supposed to make a big train.
cgv	what are you doing.
kid	I'm just making a train.
cgv	it sure is getting long.
kid	it's getting longest.
cgv	where's the caboose.
kid	caboose.
kid	the caboose is right here the caboose is right here.
cgv	oh the orange one's the caboose.
kid	uhhuh a z@l.
kid	no a n@l a n@l.
cgv	that can be a z@l or a n@l right.
kid	uhhuh a z@l.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	a n@l.
cgv	right.
kid	my train whoops I made a train now I need to make a railroad will you help me.
cgv	okay.
kid	toot.
kid	toot.
cgv	what a nice train.
kid	I'm making noise.
cgv	I know.
kid	hey hey make yourself a train too.
cgv	I'm gon (t)a make a short train.
kid	how come.
cgv	just because I like short trains sometimes.
kid	oh hey hey Dad I think I have a good thing.
cgv	what.
kid	this is gon (t)a be real neat Dad.
cgv	are you done with your train.
kid	no not yet I'm gon (t)a show you what's the same from that one.
cgv	oh.
kid	just a second I'm gon (t)a show you what's the same from that one.
cgv	oh what's the same as here.
kid	yeah.
cgv	oh.
kid	this is the same see.
cgv	yeah.
kid	what is this number though.
cgv	what number.
cgv	what does it look like.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	it could be the number one if you have two of them next to each other it could be the number eleven.
kid	eleven you're right hey let's make a guitar Dad let's make a guitar.
cgv	a guitar.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	how are we going to make a guitar.
kid	you have ta get one of these and one of these no no let's make something different.
cgv	like what.
cgv	if you're done with your train you have to pick it up are you done with it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay pick it up.
kid	okay you're going to help me aren't you.
cgv	okay I'll help you.
kid	this is a orange one.
cgv	it sure is.
kid	hey what's this.
kid	I never seen this before.
cgv	that.
cgv	that's a leopard or maybe a cheetah isn't it yours.
kid	no.
cgv	maybe it's Greggy's.
kid	yeah it might be Greggy's (be)cause Greggy got lots and lots of animals.
cgv	so does Abe Duncan Abe Duncan also has lots and lots of blocks let's pick em all up man let me sit down here for a minute.
kid	how come.
cgv	I got tired putting up a train is hard work isn't it.
kid	this is hard work watch this.
cgv	let's not make too much noise because Jean might get a headache okay.
kid	when the sun comes up we I could ride my truck.
cgv	you can ride it now if you want to you just have to be careful not to make too much noise do you want to make something with your blocks.
cgv	or do you want to pick your blocks up.
cgv	I'll pick these up.
kid	hey hey hey I'm not through playing yet I wan(t) (t)a make some thing first.
cgv	okay.
kid	this is gon (t)a be a alligator (ex)cept it don't has a mouth alligators just have a mouth at the same time.
cgv	alligators do.
kid	yeah (ex)cept hey hey we have to draw a mouth on the alligator first.
cgv	we do.
kid	yeah hey I get my pencil okay.
cgv	go get it.
kid	I'm gon (t)a get the pencil I got at school here.
cgv	go ahead you can do it.
kid	don't worry about me.
cgv	I'm not worried hey I wouldn't color it all up that's enough okay.
kid	these are just a lot of dots.
cgv	yeah but that's enough you can't get those off.
kid	hey hey alligators have lots and lots of dots on their backs.
cgv	that's enough if you want to make a real alligator you have to make it on paper we don't want to color the blocks all up.
kid	I think it's all finished.
cgv	it is.
kid	uhhuh I think mine is all finished now.
cgv	well I'm still working on my tower.
kid	when you tell me to knock it down I could I knock it down.
cgv	yeah when I tell you to you can.
kid	hey it's gon (t)a fall down.
cgv	no I think not.
kid	I'm gon (t)a knock it down now.
cgv	I'm not done wait until I'm done.
kid	it's gon (t)a fall down.
cgv	no it's not you know why.
kid	hunhunh.
cgv	because I'm not gon (t)a let it fall down I hope.
kid	don't do it all the way.
cgv	I won't boy it's getting tall.
kid	it's getting tall Dad so you better hurry.
cgv	okay knock it down oh no Abe knocked it down.
kid	I'm not through yet Dad.
cgv	okay build something else.
kid	don't pick up yours.
cgv	I won't I think I'll make another tower.
kid	then I can knock it down again.
cgv	if you want to.
kid	okay a big long alligator still.
cgv	wow you made his tail.
kid	now it's gon (t)a come now it's gon (t)a come and bite us.
cgv	who is.
kid	this alligator.
cgv	how come.
kid	because he's mean I don't know why.
cgv	you don't know why he's mean but he is.
cgv	your pencil will keep him from what.
kid	from biting stuff like birds how long you will be home Daddy.
cgv	how long until I leave.
kid	no no how long you will be home from school tonight.
cgv	oh well I'm gon (t)a leave in a little while and I'll be home in a few hours Mommy'll be home before me but I won't be gone too long.
kid	I'm real happy when you are sleeping in my bed.
cgv	you are happy.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	do you want to knock this down.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay wow.
cgv	you knocked another tower down.
kid	happy birthday to you happy birthday to Daddy happy birthday to you happy birthday to you.
cgv	thank you.
kid	happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday to you hey you're not wearing your belt since I'm wearing my belt Daddy can you wear your belt.
cgv	sure go get it for me.
kid	here.
cgv	thank you do you want some milk.
kid	hunhunh I'm getting cold and hot.
cgv	cold and hot.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	why do you think you're getting cold and hot.
kid	because I'm getting so so hot I'm gon (t)a make something you can knock down Dad.
cgv	good I wan(t) (t)a knock something down let me knock it down.
kid	no no I'm I'm not through setting it up yet.
cgv	oh is that what I'm supposed to knock down.
kid	yeay yeah] it's gon (t)a be a now it's all finished it's all finished now Dad knock it down Dad.
cgv	okay there.
kid	let me see my binoculars so I can see something I saw I saw some alligators.
cgv	where.
kid	over there.
cgv	what were they doing.
kid	they were hibernating and they said they won't bite us any more.
cgv	they won't.
kid	no.
cgv	that's good.
kid	maybe the bears will.
cgv	the what.
kid	maybe the bears will bite us.
cgv	maybe.
kid	maybe they will.
cgv	I doubt it though if they're nice they won't bite us.
kid	hey I found a book.
cgv	a zoo book.
kid	maybe we could color on it.
cgv	yeah.
kid	we haven't color that in a long long time.
cgv	we haven't.
kid	no see.
cgv	why don't we color it then.
kid	we could color it with our binoculars.
cgv	you think you can.
kid	yeah you hold it Dad you hold it.
cgv	hold what.
kid	hold this page.
cgv	I think I can handle that.
