participant	content
cgv	maybe.
kid	will the ship drown.
cgv	no ships don't drown they just sink.
kid	oh here's mine and here's the other one.
cgv	Abe did you see this.
kid	what.
cgv	Grandpa sent us some cowboy decals you can have em.
kid	I'm gon (t)a have two on my helmet.
cgv	that's a good idea.
cgv	are you ready to eat pretty soon.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I'll eat now now one little one and one big one's left Mommy I wan(t) (t)a see em is that one real pretty.
cgv	unh huh.
kid	you can't see em too really well can you.
cgv	I can.
kid	Mom Dad wan(t) (t)a see my two.
kid	and my three.
kid	where's my three Mom.
cgv	here it is.
kid	here's my three Mom Dad isn't it pretty.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	but this one's the best Mom ready to read me this story.
cgv	can I get dinner in the oven first.
kid	okay get dinner in the oven and make it not take too long.
cgv	huh.
kid	get dinner in the oven uh get the food in the oven and then come right in here okay Mom.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mom Dad can you ask for a magic cat for Christmas.
cgv	a cat.
kid	yeah.
cgv	how come.
cgv	we can't have a cat here.
kid	I know but when we move that Christmas.
cgv	the Christmas after we move.
kid	yeah.
cgv	do you think it would be nice to have a cat.
kid	no ask for a dog.
cgv	we could have a cat and a dog if we live in the right place.
kid	when we live on the right place ask for that.
cgv	who's gon (t)a feed the cat and the dog.
kid	Mom and Dad.
cgv	how (a)bout Abe.
kid	no I never fed a cat and a dog a cat's a woman's best friend and a dog's a man's best friend.
cgv	I don't agree with that.
kid	it's true.
cgv	not in this case I like dogs better.
kid	so do I but Karen likes cats better.
cgv	Karen has two dogs doesn't she and no cats.
kid	she doesn't like Pudgy a bit I don't because he is so mean.
cgv	what makes you think that a cat is a woman's best friend.
kid	someone told me.
cgv	what makes you think a dog is a man's best friend.
kid	I know.
cgv	how come.
kid	I just know someone told me and someone and I know.
cgv	what would you name a cat.
kid	Charlie and I would name a dog Parlie [=! laughs] no I'd name a cat Pork Chops and I'd name a dog Charlie.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mom I lookit them guys can beat up this guy Dad we had a hard day's work do you wan(t) (t)a see all the cate(r)pillar houses we made.
cgv	sure where are they.
kid	me and Gary had a hard day's work in the back yard.
cgv	let's go look.
kid	hey.
kid	someone messed some of em Mom someone messed some of em.
cgv	oh too bad I wonder who did that.
kid	and that was the great big one Gary and I worked for a long time on it Mom Mista did it.
cgv	how do you know.
kid	I saw her shoe print.
cgv	how do you know it was hers.
kid	because I saw her shoes I know that was her bottom of the shoe positive I'm positive.
cgv	Abe just because his print's out there doesn't mean that he did it.
kid	Mommy I never miss with sticks.
cgv	where are you going buddy.
kid	nowhere.
cgv	Abe time to come in.
kid	do I have ta stay in.
cgv	no just to eat.
kid	just to eat gosh thanks Dad Dad.
cgv	yeah.
kid	you know something.
kid	when Chris and me were playing football I went this way and Chris was going this way and I bounced Chris out and I was running this way with the football Dad what is the top.
kid	look at all the poop look at all the poops that are in there.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mom did you cook this.
cgv	not yours.
kid	this tree lived forever and ever until it died and when it died a man cut it down and slowly it had to have itself put together again the tree that's what I said Mommy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	why does the inside of it have meat.
cgv	because I stuffed it with meat.
kid	but Mom how did you put em back together.
cgv	I didn't take them apart I just cut the top off and took the insides out.
kid	Mom what did the insides look like.
cgv	I'll show you.
kid	Mommy I never heard of stuffing green peppers.
cgv	well now you know.
cgv	what do you think would have happened if we would have woken up this morning and there would have been snow on the ground what would we have done.
kid	I'd say +"/..
kid	+" oh no.
kid	+" now I have to get my winter clothes on and I don't want my winter clothes on.
cgv	what else would we have had to do.
kid	I'd say +"/..
kid	+" oh boy.
kid	and get my sled and go down the hill and I'd get my skis too.
cgv	we didn't ski much last year.
kid	we didn't ski at all.
cgv	that's right was Mark giving you hockey lessons.
kid	no we were just hitting it.
cgv	oh I thought he might play on a hockey team.
kid	no he plays on a football team.
cgv	oh what about in the winter though.
cgv	does he play on a hockey team then.
kid	he must.
cgv	why must he.
kid	because once I saw him playing on ice with a hockey with a lot of other hockey kids.
cgv	oh.
kid	you should get me a football one day.
cgv	we will.
cgv	you should keep track of your toys.
kid	Mom one day I wanted to play football and I opened up my eyes and my football was gone I looked all over and Dad did too we couldn't find it anywhere that's true right Dad.
cgv	right.
cgv	that means you must have lost it.
kid	I never got up early in the morning and brought it outside.
cgv	I didn't say you did.
kid	Mom what do you think that one cate(r)pillar's trying to do.
cgv	I think he's trying to find some more food.
kid	now he can't find anyway to get down one of those cate(r)pillars died.
cgv	how do you know.
kid	I saw some curly white stuff that looked like cotton in there.
cgv	oh.
kid	and I have some white cate(r)pillars so one of them must have died.
cgv	you think so.
kid	yeah it could have lived if I would have gotten enough food for all of them but I didn't I thought I did but I didn't cate(r)pillars eat a lot of food a really big a lot of food.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Dad don't do that.
cgv	I'm just squeezing it.
kid	you could have broken it.
cgv	I didn't did I.
