participant	content
kid	no are we getting ready for Christmas.
cgv	it sure looks that way where can we put our angels.
kid	I don't know I can get some milkie I need something at first I need some milkie.
cgv	I think there's some in that glass.
kid	uhuh.
cgv	I'll get you some.
kid	okay you have to dry that off too.
cgv	what off.
kid	that milk.
cgv	oh.
kid	what are that what's that for.
cgv	doesn't this look just like a big snowpile.
kid	is this big.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	can we eat it.
cgv	no that's Dacron quilt batting and that's cotton it's not edible where's the little nativity scene.
kid	I don't know can I do this.
cgv	Abe I asked you not to pick that up it's head was drying.
kid	can I do this.
kid	can I do this.
kid	can I +/..
cgv	where'd you put that little nativity scene we had.
kid	I'll glue it some more and then it have ta +/..
cgv	someone was too strong and they pulled it off.
kid	can I do this.
kid	is this dried off.
cgv	yeah there were just two that were broken and it just so happened that you picked up the two that were broken and rebroke them I know that it was an accident though.
kid	can I lay this down too.
cgv	no I think they have to be standing up.
kid	why.
kid	little ones have uh the broken ones have to lay down and look this one can't do this.
cgv	he can't stand up.
kid	no.
cgv	I think the cotton's too thick I'll have to fix it where did you put the little nativity scene Abe.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	well see if you can find it.
kid	I don't know where to find it.
cgv	well try and remember where you put it.
kid	I can't find it.
cgv	I don't see it either.
kid	it makes music.
cgv	what does.
kid	I can't do it I made it I hit the cotton.
cgv	how come.
kid	because.
cgv	that's not a very good reason.
kid	what is this.
cgv	it looks like a little piece of wood.
kid	when we I leave this right there too.
kid	are we taking some this to decorate some more.
cgv	what else do we have to use to decorate.
kid	some other cotton for for some other cotton.
cgv	no that's for around the Christmas tree.
kid	white white white white.
cgv	white.
kid	why I saying white.
cgv	I don't know why are you saying white.
kid	because that's white what what is this.
kid	can we do this now.
cgv	do you want me to light that candle.
kid	yeah put it on.
kid	you make some cake.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a make some cake.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a make some cake.
kid	I thoughted thought] +ed-sup] we would make some cake.
cgv	what kind of cake did you want to make.
kid	I thoughted thought] +ed-sup] we would [?] make a orange a orange cake.
cgv	well (a)fraid not (be)cause you'd want to eat it but you didn't eat your beans so you don't get any snacks tonight right.
kid	what we making.
kid	what what we what we what we have to do this on the candle.
cgv	oh that's just a candle to burn it's not to put on a cake it's scented bayberry.
kid	huh.
kid	can we +/..
cgv	it smells like bayberry.
kid	can we put this uh what we put this candle on.
cgv	we can put it in that little candle holder that we got.
kid	can we then we uh then it had any enough cake in it.
cgv	no Abe it's not a birthday candle it's not a candle for a cake let me show you it's a candle to make the room smell better.
kid	let's smell it.
cgv	it smells like bayberry.
kid	bayberry.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	what's that.
kid	what's that.
cgv	that's where we put it we put it in the candle holder.
kid	let me see it let me see it let me see it how it goes don't put it upside down.
cgv	I wan(t) (t)a melt some wax so that it'll stick to the wax does it smell like bayberry.
kid	it smells like strawberry.
cgv	strawberry.
kid	yeah.
cgv	we do have some strawberry candles.
kid	let me see let me see a strawberry candle.
cgv	it's in the back of the closet Abe we can't see it.
kid	where's the strawberry.
cgv	it's underneath a lot of stuff we'll look for it some other time.
kid	why you blowed that out.
cgv	I'm going to cut it in half that way we can have two candles I'll relight it there that works a lot better.
kid	where's the other one.
cgv	right there on the table.
kid	why we doing have uh what we doing with another one.
cgv	after this one burns down we'll burn the other one.
kid	how long that one light.
cgv	hmm.
kid	how long you make more fire.
kid	there has to be not much more fire.
cgv	what do we need much more fire for.
kid	for that candle.
cgv	I think one fire's plenty don't you.
kid	how (a)bout we do it with another one.
cgv	this other one.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I'm gon (t)a store it in this drawer and we'll use it when this one burns down.
kid	huh.
cgv	we'll use it after this one's burned down far enough.
kid	we doing something else.
cgv	yeah we have those golden angels I don't know exactly how to hang them though how do you think we should hang them.
kid	I I I just hang em like this like so see.
kid	you hang em like this put these two lines like that then it can hang up no four lines then it can hang up.
cgv	do you think we should hang them from here.
kid	hang em from there.
kid	what for.
kid	we have ta hang them from the wall we should hang em from the wall.
cgv	are you sure about that.
kid	yeah sure I'm (a)bout that my other my other friend did uh uh a cowboy hanged a guy from a wall.
cgv	a man hung a guy from a wall.
kid	no a man with a rope did then hang em on the wall.
cgv	oh put em in a roll.
kid	no rope then hang em on the wall you have ta hang (th)em on the wall why you hanging on on that.
cgv	I thought that we'd hang them on this ribbon whatta what do] you think.
kid	what for.
kid	that tripped on that, then it rolled over and then it got a whale bite and it got biggest teeth Mommy.
kid	I'm going far away.
kid	oh are this getting bigger.
kid	no this is bigger what's over there.
kid	a horse put his feet in the water floating A cowboy bang.
kid	killed a little boy down on the cotton.
cgv	Abe, do you like them here.
kid	what for.
kid	let me see them right here so I can them right there.
cgv	oh you want me to put one real low so that you can see it.
kid	yeah one real low so I can see it.
cgv	just for Abe.
kid	just for Abe what we doing with these.
kid	what we doing with the other one.
cgv	the icicles.
kid	yeah.
cgv	they look like real icicles don't they.
kid	what we doing with the other, uh where's another icicle.
cgv	they're all there, aren't they.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a take them out I wan(t) (t)a take one out I wan(t) (t)a take one out, Mom.
cgv	go ahead, Abe.
kid	I can't I can't, Mommy.
cgv	what's the problem.
kid	it has to be out I want one out.
cgv	what are you going to do with it if you get it out.
kid	I'm gon (t)a I'm gon (t)a decorate uh uh we have ta do it with a decoration.
cgv	do you want to hang it up.
kid	yeah hang it up hang a icicle up that's on lower this right here lower that's lower.
cgv	lower especially for Abe.
kid	lower a special for me.
cgv	let me see one.
kid	they're right here.
cgv	like that.
kid	yeah lower we have some ribbon to hang on this ribbon.
cgv	yeah but look see how tiny the hole is.
kid	yeah.
cgv	the ribbons much too big isn't it.
kid	why this ribbon is much too bigger.
kid	maybe we have ta make make cut it then it can fit.
cgv	make it real thin so that it can fit through the tiny hole.
kid	yeah come on string you better do it you better I'm gon (t)a do it with my gun.
cgv	do you think your gun is a scissor or a knife.
kid	no my gun is uh make it fit you done.
kid	you done taking a bath.
cgv	yep.
kid	did you wash yourself.
cgv	I sure did why didn't you come take a bath with me.
kid	I was too busy.
cgv	do you want to help me take out the trash.
kid	now.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	no I want to stay in a little while then I help you okay.
cgv	no I'm going right now you can help me some other time okay.
cgv	Abe do you want me to make you a huge bow.
kid	uhhuh no a short bow.
cgv	I'll make you a really long one.
kid	what for.
cgv	because I asked you and you said +"/..
cgv	+" yes.
kid	a longer one.
kid	what's a longer one.
cgv	here it is.
kid	balloon my balloon balloon Mommy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	what happened to the balloon.
kid	what happened the balloon.
cgv	I found the nativity scene Abe see.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I'm going to put it right in the middle of the angels.
kid	what for.
cgv	so it'll look like the angels are singing to the people right.
kid	yeah where are my guns.
cgv	was I playing with your guns.
kid	no you done taking the trash out.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	did you do anything more.
cgv	no all I did was take the trash out it's pretty chilly out there.
kid	I falled@n down on the ground.
cgv	how'd you do that Abe.
kid	I found my gun.
kid	why you hang on my shirt like this.
cgv	I pulled on your pants.
kid	huh.
cgv	I pulled on your pants.
kid	what for.
cgv	just to see what you'd do and you said +"/..
cgv	+" why'd you do that.
kid	I killed something.
cgv	what'd you kill.
kid	I killed a turtle not a real turtle I killed a this a shell from a turtle.
cgv	oh the turtle wasn't in the shell.
kid	no so I killed it.
cgv	well what happened to the shell then.
kid	because I the turtle the turtle wanted a fire on so he got out.
cgv	oh what happened to the shell when you shot it.
kid	it wanted to be the turtle wanted to be fire on it and no more and I killed a fire from a match.
cgv	did you blow the fire out.
kid	no just my gun just my gun gotted@n water then it blowed it out.
cgv	your gun got water in it.
kid	no this I shooted and then the fire gotted@n out from a a match.
cgv	was your gun full of wind.
kid	huh.
cgv	was your gun full of wind.
kid	no.
cgv	then how did it blow a match out.
kid	uh it blowed it with water from that side.
cgv	do you have ta go tee+tee.
kid	yeah I need the light on.
kid	never mind I'm through.
cgv	you're through.
kid	yeah what you trying to find.
cgv	I'm putting this box back in the closet.
kid	what for.
cgv	because we don't want it down on the table Stan you should have seen Andy today.
cgv	what happened.
cgv	he got his hair cut really short didn't he Abe.
kid	uhhuh why does sometimes Andy doesn't look like Andy.
cgv	well sometimes he gets his hair cut very short and then he looks different and it takes us a while to get used to him with short hair so he looks different.
kid	why does Andy go to the barber.
cgv	to get his hair cut.
kid	why I don't go to the barber.
cgv	because I cut your hair and I'm a lot better than any barber.
kid	I want something and so a turtle got out and find a new shell for him because he wanted fire on his dirt on his on his rain on his rain shell because um a guy got on it.
cgv	he already found a new shell.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that was really fast.
kid	huh.
cgv	that was really fast.
kid	and then he comed@n back then then the water got his new shell off the it started started raining so hard then it banged on it and then a turtle heard a gun shoot bang.
kid	bang.
kid	bang.
kid	bang.
kid	bang.
kid	and he goed@n right on the chair then a he he told this shoe +"/..
kid	+" what you doing to my shell.
kid	+" you wanted fire on it so I put a fire on it.
kid	said the said the turtle okay kook.
kid	the cowboy said +"/..
kid	+" okay kook.
cgv	well why did the cowboy say +"/..
cgv	+" okay Kook.
kid	because he wanted a fire on his on his on that on the turtle's shell because he got a new one and the cowboy said <okay kook take it away> ["] next time Greggy come here I'm gon (t)a get this gun to Greggy.
cgv	I think he'd really be happy if you did that.
kid	then he kill then he then the turtle got that uh the new shell off because he got then this cowboy break the new one break the new one bang.
kid	then the cowboy falled@n down and he hurt his finger and he told a nurse +"/..
kid	+" fix it.
cgv	was he okay.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I guess I'll do the dishes.
kid	why you doing the dishes and I'm not getting anything.
cgv	you're not going to do the dishes.
kid	huh.
cgv	you're not going to do the dishes.
kid	me.
kid	I'm too little.
cgv	who said you were too little.
kid	I'm too big I'm too little I'm too sort o(f) bigger.
cgv	you're too short.
kid	yeah too short big what are you doing.
cgv	putting this jar away.
kid	what for.
cgv	because it's in the way.
kid	why.
kid	why.
kid	why.
kid	why.
kid	why.
kid	why.
kid	why.
kid	why.
kid	why.
kid	why.
kid	why.
kid	why.
kid	why.
kid	why.
kid	why.
kid	why.
kid	why.
kid	why.
cgv	why what.
kid	what this say.
cgv	I wrote Abe on there.
kid	and who wrote this name on that.
kid	five Renee.
cgv	no I wrote Abe and fox because you said that was a fox right.
kid	right what's what's that what's that.
kid	who wrote this bigger name on that.
cgv	I wrote Abe and I also wrote chicken because you said that was a chicken.
kid	and and and how (a)bout another another name because that's a butterfly.
cgv	no you told me that was a chicken when you made it.
kid	that was a butterfly I made it and that's a chicken and that's a butterfly you have ta.
cgv	I have to change the name.
kid	huh.
kid	yeah change no no that's a chicken how (a)bout a butterfly on this page.
kid	okay okay okay okay.
cgv	what are you going to do Abe.
kid	I'm gon (t)a cut the paper.
cgv	you're going to cut some paper.
kid	yeah.
cgv	be careful.
cgv	hey.
cgv	do you wan(t) (t)a come over here at the table.
kid	what for.
cgv	so you can be a little more comfortable do you want to eat your beans.
kid	no.
cgv	okay.
cgv	you like those scissors don't you.
kid	this yours.
kid	is this yours.
kid	is this yours.
kid	is this your scissors.
cgv	no they're yours but we want to keep them in the drawer so they don't get lost.
kid	I'm keeping them in the drawer.
