participant	content
kid	just played and played and played and I couldn't tell when Mommy comed@n out to play.
cgv	what.
kid	I couldn't tell when Mommy comed@n out to play.
cgv	how come.
kid	because she had to take a shower.
cgv	oh you went out before she did.
kid	no I went out when she did timber.
kid	I fell was that a neat trick.
cgv	it sure was when did you learn how to do that.
kid	maybe when I was uh now I learned how to do it now.
cgv	oh you just learned.
kid	yeah Daddy at school they they have big blocks and little blocks.
cgv	oh.
kid	maybe I should take my boots off it makes lots of noise with boots.
cgv	it sure does.
kid	hey wait I need to go tee+tee Daddy here here.
cgv	what.
cgv	oh thank you.
kid	is that a neat trick too.
cgv	it sure is.
kid	I'm not really careful.
cgv	you should be.
kid	I just got my leg I'm gon (t)a move this so I won't get my leg again.
cgv	that's a good idea.
kid	Daddy thanks for getting me this these.
cgv	what.
kid	thanks for getting me these.
cgv	you're welcome.
kid	when did you get me this.
cgv	a couple days ago right.
kid	right go through.
cgv	go through where.
kid	go through this tunnel.
cgv	that's a pretty small tunnel I don't think I can make it through there.
kid	maybe maybe a mouse.
cgv	a mouse could but I can't.
kid	maybe a ball maybe a big ball.
cgv	let's try this yep.
kid	Daddy my bottle is on the table okay.
cgv	what ball.
kid	bottle see.
cgv	oh yeah.
kid	maybe a ball you could have this ball and see if it could go through the tunnel you missed.
cgv	I did miss no doubt about it.
kid	wait I need to put this then you could put this one.
cgv	Abe be careful you're gon (t)a hurt yourself okay.
kid	my foot isn't my foot isn't bleeding.
cgv	I know but still be careful okay.
kid	okay go through the tunnel you got my bottom do it again.
cgv	I don't know where the ball is.
kid	here goodbyer goodbye] Big_Bird.
cgv	where's Big_Bird going.
kid	goodbye Big_Bird okay do it again.
cgv	okay.
kid	okay Daddy see if you could throw one of these dinosaurs in two of them see if you could throw two dinosaurs in.
cgv	okay both of them made it.
kid	see if one of the eggs could throw in one of the eggs this egg then the bottle.
cgv	Abe be careful you're going to hurt yourself okay.
kid	I don't know how to be careful.
cgv	well you're just going to have to look before you do somersaults.
kid	I always do somersaults.
cgv	well look before you do them that's all I ask.
kid	awoh my sock got stuck.
cgv	what happened.
kid	I don't know it's a little hole not a big hole.
cgv	you got a little hole in your sock.
kid	yeah now throw the bottle the bottle didn't make it in.
cgv	nope do you want me to try the bottle again.
kid	one of these eggs this this one I put these here then I run that was fun.
cgv	are you ready.
kid	yeah okay take these two of these these are where these go in when you don't use em okay.
cgv	what.
kid	these are this is where that goes when you don't throw it catch it.
cgv	okay ready.
kid	yeah the screwdriver made it now you didn't do this baseball you didn't do the baseball do it okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	you got my hand goodbye Big_Bird.
cgv	who are you talking to.
cgv	am I Big_Bird.
kid	no I'm talking to Big_Bird.
cgv	where's Big_Bird.
kid	he's up on the ceiling.
cgv	I don't see him.
kid	he disappeared.
cgv	oh.
kid	I'm going through this tunnel wait I'm gon (t)a get out of here.
cgv	you're going to get what.
kid	I decided to get out of here so I did here I go in mine home where noone hits me.
cgv	what if I come and get you.
kid	no don't get me.
cgv	I won't I was just pretending.
kid	go back over where you were sitting.
cgv	I wan(t) (t)a sit right here for just a minute okay.
kid	you can't mine home is breaking.
cgv	it is.
kid	yeah get me one.
cgv	one what.
kid	one of those.
cgv	one of those.
kid	yeah I like yellow.
cgv	how about yellow and pink.
cgv	you can have two.
kid	how about three.
cgv	okay.
kid	three is a lot goodbye I'm going back in mine home to sleep.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy I wan(t) (t)a get out of here so I can find my suitcase.
cgv	okay do you know where your suitcase is.
kid	no.
cgv	I don't see it anywhere.
kid	I don't see it either maybe it disappeared.
cgv	well I bet it's here somewhere we just need to look for it.
kid	I found it.
cgv	good.
kid	Daddy I wan(t) (t)a show you Mommy put my key on this I got a rubber band for me too.
cgv	gee you have a lot of stuff in that suitcase.
kid	see see Mommy uh uh I'm gon (t)a borrow Mommy's surprise.
cgv	that little key chain.
kid	yeah.
cgv	you're going to use it for a while.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that's nice.
kid	there's so many I can't make room.
cgv	there's so much stuff you don't have enough room in your suitcase.
kid	no.
cgv	there is a lot of stuff.
kid	Mommy filled up yours full of full of your suitcase full of stuff so I'm gon (t)a put my suitcase full of stuff.
cgv	okay what kind of stuff are you putting in your suitcase.
kid	five monies@n.
cgv	money.
kid	I don't have a lot money.
cgv	I don't either I wish I did.
kid	I wish I could have lots too I found a gook and a compass hey how did this get unwrapped.
kid	Mommy got me some of mine pennies Daddy did you know I washed my hair tonight when I taked a bath.
cgv	do you mean last night.
kid	no tonight (re)member.
kid	you taked a shower and then I taked a bath.
cgv	that was last night Abe tonight is when the sun goes down the sun came up this morning so you took a bath last night if the sun comes up after it's been night then it's last night okay.
kid	Daddy you could have this I'm gon (t)a pretend they are napkins.
cgv	thanks for the napkin Abe.
kid	no I'm just pretending it's a napkin Look my ring is broken oh well I got that ring for Lenny (ex)cept it got broken anyway I got so much stuff in here I don't have room for any more.
cgv	that's a pretty full suitcase.
kid	Daddy mine home is falling down.
cgv	no I don't think it really is I think that you're just being silly.
kid	I fell on the swing outside.
cgv	you did.
kid	yeah I didn't bleed I found this string see.
cgv	let me see oh it even has a hook on it.
kid	no Mommy just made the hook.
cgv	oh you put the hook on after found it.
kid	Mommy did Daddy I don't want the taped part I want the part that isn't taped I want to cut the tape off.
cgv	then the hook will fall off.
kid	I don't want the I don't want the hook on there.
cgv	are you sure.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay where are your scissors at.
cgv	I don't see em.
kid	maybe I lost em you could use Mommy's scissors.
cgv	I have something that'll work.
kid	a knife a magic knife Daddy I wish that I could have a knife like that.
cgv	maybe we can get you one for your birthday.
kid	okay (ex)cept that one's always for Daddy's.
cgv	not always it's for big boys too maybe we could get you a smaller one that's like it.
kid	okay Daddy you need to find a string for you.
cgv	how come.
kid	because because because hawks are in danger.
cgv	hawks are in danger.
kid	yeah mean hawks are in danger.
cgv	what does that mean.
kid	that's means get hawks.
kid	don't leave them sitting here.
cgv	oh.
kid	that means danger so we need to get one a really mean hawk Daddy hawks have horns.
cgv	horns.
kid	yeah and they have striped trunks go away alligator up there Daddy there's a alligator up there on the ceiling.
cgv	I don't think so.
kid	he disappeared look he just comed@n back Daddy I love you.
cgv	I love you Abe.
kid	I'm gon (t)a get some books.
cgv	okay get em ready.
kid	Daddy can I run before I go to bed.
cgv	okay just for a little while though.
kid	move your legs.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I'm gon (t)a jump.
cgv	oh okay.
kid	there here.
cgv	thank you.
kid	that was from a clothes+pin I found outside.
cgv	this is part of it.
kid	yeah I broke it in half.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I didn't want it sitting there Daddy did you know big boys could do that.
cgv	do what.
kid	could do jump over the footstool.
cgv	no I didn't know that.
kid	yeah I could do that.
cgv	let me see wow.
kid	I got my leg up that's how come you need to be out of the way.
cgv	why do I need to be out of the way.
kid	because I got you with my leg Daddy put my belt on too.
cgv	we're going to take a nap after you take a nap I'll put your belt on okay.
kid	okay I got my back I just got my back Dad.
cgv	does it hurt.
kid	no.
cgv	you better be careful.
kid	Daddy that was okay because when you hurt your back it doesn't bleed.
cgv	yeah but you can really hurt yourself when you hurt your back.
kid	I hurt my feet.
cgv	you did.
kid	yeah sometimes I hurt my feet on that so that shouldn't be in the way.
cgv	move it.
kid	I could use this so I could jump Daddy I can make a rainbow when I jump over that.
cgv	you can.
kid	yeah.
cgv	let me see.
kid	okay did I make a rainbow yet.
cgv	I'm not sure.
kid	you do it like that you do it like that that's how boy I made a l@l boy when you do it that way it turns that doesn't make a rainbow I need to try it anyway here.
cgv	thanks.
kid	you had that in in your drawer so I I thought I got it out so +....
cgv	so what.
kid	I don't know I'm not quite quite sure.
cgv	oh.
kid	I broke it I love it to be broken Daddy does this look like two crescents.
cgv	two what.
kid	two crescents crescents of moon.
cgv	oh two crescents.
kid	yeah.
cgv	it sure does.
kid	crescent is really hard to say.
cgv	it sure is Sherry might be sleeping now so maybe you should quit jumping.
kid	maybe I could put that pillow over here so then I could jump.
cgv	what about if you put it here instead.
kid	no it's too far look.
cgv	I think you can do it go ahead and try.
kid	(ex)cept my car can't go that fast.
cgv	are you sure.
kid	uhuh it can't go that far.
cgv	see it made it that far.
kid	(ex)cept it can't jump over this also maybe I could stand up and throw it.
cgv	yeah that made it.
kid	I can make it.
cgv	it's time to take a nap.
kid	I don't think so.
cgv	I think so go get some books.
kid	I already got some.
cgv	where are they.
kid	I put em right there.
cgv	what.
kid	I put em right there I wan(t) (t)a stay up for a little while.
cgv	you already did let's go.
kid	I could jump over.
cgv	okay jump and then let's go you can just take a short nap if you want to.
kid	how (a)bout a long nap.
cgv	sure you can take a long nap.
kid	or a short nap.
cgv	let's go.
kid	I'm not ready I'm not ready to take a nap.
cgv	yes you are let's go.
