participant	content
cgv	wow.
cgv	what a pro.
cgv	do you want to do it again.
kid	yeah I'm doing it a lot of times like like you do it.
cgv	oh.
kid	take em off okay.
cgv	(o)kay here you go.
kid	have ta get it up a little bit.
cgv	what.
cgv	the dart.
kid	yeah look you have to put the red one up.
cgv	oh.
kid	do it.
cgv	like this.
kid	yeah that's how we went to Amasa's house we went to Amasa's house today without you.
cgv	what'd you do there.
kid	that's the right way too.
cgv	yeah that's a good one what did you do at Amasa's house.
kid	what.
cgv	what did you do at Amasa's house.
kid	play.
cgv	what'd you play with.
kid	with a Frisbee I forgot to tell you that.
cgv	oh.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a play with it some more I wan(t) (t)a play with it some more let me play with it some more what's in your hand.
cgv	guess.
kid	some gum.
cgv	no what would you do if it was gum.
kid	chew it and then spit it out.
cgv	what would you do if it was a lion.
kid	I would put it into a cage.
cgv	okay here's what it is a magic picture.
kid	how did it become magic.
cgv	look it changes when you move it see.
kid	yeah (ex)cept does it change.
cgv	yeah.
kid	how.
cgv	look see her legs moving.
kid	yeah I think I thought I could rip the paper off (ex)cept it doesn't have any paper.
cgv	what.
kid	I thought I could rip the paper off (ex)cept it didn't have any paper.
cgv	oh it doesn't have any paper on it does it.
kid	no Mom look it's a magic picture.
cgv	what is it.
kid	a magic picture.
cgv	gosh.
kid	Dad I wan(t) (t)a play with darts Daddy I wanted to play with darts I wanted to play with some darts are you gon (t)a play with em.
cgv	what.
kid	are you going to play with those.
cgv	I'll throw em once and then you can throw em okay.
kid	and then you could throw once and then and then I could throw em.
cgv	okay.
kid	you could throw em lots of times and I could throw em lots of times too.
cgv	(o)kay.
kid	how did you throw it that way.
kid	I'll get that one I couldn't find it.
cgv	you didn't look very hard.
kid	did you see something red.
cgv	no.
kid	was it blue.
cgv	yeah it was a blue one.
kid	was it a blue dart.
cgv	yep.
kid	I thought it was a red dart and a blue color like a rainbow.
cgv	here you go.
kid	what.
kid	did you find the blue too.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	two bad shots I hope this one will be good I'll get it how did you get it.
kid	I was going to get it Mommy when can we get some Sugar_crisps.
cgv	when we're through eating the cereal we already have do you want some cheese.
kid	no if you grate it up I will two zero.
kid	is that two zero.
cgv	this.
kid	yeah.
cgv	no this is two five.
kid	oh two five I think it's two zero it is two zero how could I do it.
cgv	huh.
kid	how could I do it.
kid	how could I do it.
cgv	do what.
cgv	hey where's the other darts.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	where's the other blue one.
kid	I thought it went in here.
cgv	okay I see it.
kid	I didn't do very good when I throwed darts did I.
cgv	you did alright watch me.
kid	did you see.
kid	that one went right there you can use the lantern if you want to find the darts if they get lost +....
cgv	what.
kid	I was talking to myself.
cgv	what did you say about the lantern.
kid	if the darts get lost in the closet you can use the lantern to find them.
cgv	oh.
kid	I'll get the rest if I do get to if I'm there then I hey Daddy.
cgv	what.
kid	I wanted to play leapfrog.
cgv	you did.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	with us.
kid	with you.
cgv	okay go ahead and leap.
kid	no this is the way.
cgv	oh then I step on you.
kid	no no jump over let's play it outside.
cgv	why.
kid	because just because come outside is this where the darts were.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	where are they.
cgv	I put em up.
kid	oh I'm gon (t)a catch you.
cgv	what.
kid	I'm gon (t)a catch you.
cgv	you are huh.
kid	yeah.
cgv	it looks like I caught you.
kid	help.
kid	he's gon (t)a get me.
cgv	I'm not.
kid	what if you get me.
cgv	I won't calm down.
kid	Mom there's a out there how could I fix it.
cgv	leave it there I'll fix it.
cgv	it's time to eat.
kid	I don't have anything to eat on the table.
cgv	I'm getting it.
kid	I want some milk I didn't have to say please at you to get it bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon I bet tomorrow there's gon (t)a be no little sand+piles.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I saw some little icky black mud hey I don't want any cheese.
cgv	you can eat a little.
kid	just a tiny tiny bit.
cgv	you're sweating do you want your shirt off.
kid	no if it was winter outside then we would all be really cold if we just wore shorts right.
kid	right Mom.
cgv	right and it'll be winter pretty soon.
kid	no the leaves are still on the trees.
cgv	yeah it has to be fall before it's winter.
cgv	what else did you do today besides go to Amasa's house.
kid	talk to Robb.
cgv	what did he have to say.
kid	he comed@n outside he didn't come to the park with us.
cgv	he didn't.
kid	no he should have comed@n to the other to the funny park with us.
cgv	he should have.
kid	yeah.
cgv	why.
kid	(be)cause then he could have played with us.
cgv	what did you do at the park.
kid	play Mom.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	what's that funny kind of omelet.
cgv	it got all messed up when I turned it do you want a bite.
kid	no how (a)bout bacon.
cgv	with a little bit of egg on it.
kid	no I just want bacon I just wan(t) (t)a eat my bacon.
cgv	tell Dad about that little girl you saw at the park.
kid	a little girl comed@n with her grandmother and her mother and that was really strange she had one grandmother and one more grandmother that's two grandmothers and I think two grandfathers too.
cgv	what's strange about that.
kid	two grandmas and two great grandmas.
cgv	did she think it was strange or did you think it was strange.
kid	I think it was strange.
cgv	how come.
kid	because.
cgv	you have two grandmas and two great+grandmas.
kid	who are my two great+grandmas and my two grandmas.
cgv	Ninny and Grandma that's two granny and great Grandma that's two Bumpa and Grandpa that's two is that strange.
kid	no yes yes.
cgv	why.
kid	I think I got one I think I got two I think I got three I think I got four I think I got five.
cgv	five what.
kid	five things if if I don't want any uh I don't want any cheese.
cgv	I'm eating cheese cheese helps you grow so you can run fast and climb high.
kid	how could I climb high.
cgv	eat your cheese and then you'll grow so you can climb really high that doesn't mean to throw it on the floor.
kid	I dropped it on the floor I didn't throw it.
cgv	oh.
kid	did you know some people have little and they're a little bit tall.
kid	then you they're not taller than mine mine is taller than theirs (ex)cept (ex)cept did you know they have shiny ones and and you and they get to put their heads wax in.
cgv	what is this now.
kid	you know that show Greggy has on his tv.
cgv	Godzilla.
kid	no Dracula and I saw one kind of funny bed it was so cute you know what was it.
kid	it was a baby's bed.
cgv	what kind.
kid	it was the kind that doesn't rock.
cgv	like a cradle.
kid	yeah it was a cradle (ex)cept it didn't rock.
cgv	oh.
kid	I wonder what that kind of bed was called.
cgv	where are you going Abe.
kid	playing outside.
cgv	why don't you eat a little more cheese.
kid	Daddy I wan(t) (t)a play right now.
cgv	okay.
cgv	do you want some toast.
kid	no.
cgv	what are you going to do with those.
kid	make something with it (ex)cept (ex)cept (ex)cept this is how it goes Dad this is how it goes.
cgv	oh.
kid	pound some long nails in pound pound some long nails in Dad Dad are you getting some long sharp nails.
cgv	where did you find those.
kid	outside they don't have any holes see.
cgv	yeah.
kid	they don't have any splinters see.
kid	one doesn't have any see.
kid	see.
cgv	what do you want to do with those.
kid	make something with it it's a bookshelf where all the dinosaurs go.
cgv	huh.
kid	it's a bookshelf where all the dinosaurs will live.
cgv	oh you want to make a bookshelf.
kid	yeah.
