participant	content
cgv	they're over Abe.
kid	the Electric Company's on then.
cgv	you can turn it on and see I guess.
kid	I know that it's on.
cgv	did you tell Daddy who came to visit today that we haven't seen in a long long time.
kid	Joey I saw him in a long long time.
cgv	not Joey who else came.
kid	Michael.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah he lives in Iowa now.
cgv	I know.
kid	hey Mom Texas here's Texas.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mom here's Texas Mom here's here's the world.
cgv	do you want to go play pool Ann.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a go play pool tonight that's for sure.
cgv	how come.
cgv	they have a color tv.
kid	I like to watch this tv I don't like to watch their tv it's boring Dad why didn't you put this on my toast.
cgv	I will Stan we can play pool if you want.
kid	I don't want to.
cgv	you don't want to one.
kid	go up there.
cgv	where.
kid	over to the community center.
cgv	don't you have fun while we're there.
kid	no there's no fun to do there really isn't.
cgv	what if you ask Joey to come.
kid	we'll have to wait for a while for him.
cgv	how come.
kid	because he waits for a long long time.
cgv	he waits for what for a long time.
kid	he has to eat see he takes dinner for a long time.
cgv	he doesn't eat until late.
kid	no he eats real early but it takes him so long to eat.
cgv	oh.
kid	we should buy some that slowly comes.
cgv	some what.
kid	some catsup that slowly comes know why.
cgv	how come.
kid	so we don't run out of it so fast.
cgv	oh I think the reason that the reason they say catsup that pours slowly is better is that it's thicker and it's supposed to pour uh taste better.
kid	Mom can we buy a new car please.
cgv	no why.
kid	(be)cause our car is old.
cgv	well we can't afford a new car.
kid	I know what we could buy.
cgv	what.
kid	a new television.
cgv	I thought you said you liked our television.
kid	I know what we could buy you.
cgv	what.
kid	a new baby hey.
kid	we need a new car know why.
kid	(be)cause if our car breaks then you won't be able to go to go to the hospital unless we have a new car so we better get a new car so you can go to the hospital.
cgv	I think ours will be okay.
kid	know what.
kid	if you buy five cars then you get two for free.
cgv	who told you that.
kid	I saw it on tv or a commercial.
cgv	guess what's on the tube tonight.
kid	what.
cgv	Wonder Woman.
kid	Mom what if I went to school in the evening.
kid	Mom what if I went into school in the evening and Dad what if I went into school in the morning and Dad went to school in the evening and Dad uh and you went into school in the night.
cgv	we'd never see each other then.
kid	how do you know.
cgv	(be)cause we'd all be at school at different times.
kid	oh I don't want to go play pool tonight.
cgv	why not.
kid	(be)cause I don't like to go we went there the day before this day so I don't want to go again.
cgv	we might go anyway.
kid	I don't want to.
cgv	boy I wish Dallas had won the football game they should have.
kid	Dad why next time why don't you change teams.
kid	see if your team's losing then change teams.
cgv	what a shit you are Abe.
cgv	I want my team to win.
kid	next time pick a different team Dad then you won't be so upset.
cgv	Abe what if you were in a race and were losing.
cgv	would you want me to cheer for the other guy.
kid	no I'd trick the other guy I'd find a shortcut and I'd beat him.
cgv	how about this.
cgv	what if you were playing want Daddy to cheer for the other team.
kid	no I'd change teams.
cgv	God.
kid	I'd go in the dressing room and dress up like a other person I want some milk that's enough I don't want none more.
cgv	okay.
kid	I want some more toast too.
cgv	okay.
kid	hurry I probably don't want some toast.
cgv	I already put it in.
kid	a big piece.
cgv	no it's regular size.
cgv	you ready to go play pool.
kid	I don't even want to go play pool Daddy.
cgv	why don't you.
cgv	you can watch tv.
kid	I don't even like going there I don't wan(t) (t)a go I don't wan(t) (t)a go I don't wan(t) (t)a go I don't wan(t) (t)a go I don't wan(t) (t)a go I just don't want to.
cgv	too bad.
kid	how would you like it if I punched you in the nose.
cgv	I wouldn't like it.
kid	okay I'll punch you in the nose.
cgv	I'm gon (t)a get you.
kid	no no Mom don't put any water in.
cgv	I'm not.
cgv	what all did you do today Abe.
cgv	that must have been fun.
kid	I said nothing and you said +"/..
kid	+" that must have been fun.
kid	why did you say that.
kid	the only thing I did was play outside.
cgv	oh do you want more milk Abe.
cgv	to help you swallow.
kid	no I drank all this anyways this is so soft.
cgv	are you sure.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	Dad on the way home today Abe sang a song about being an amigo@s.
cgv	an amigo@s.
kid	yeah and a pirate.
cgv	is anybody outside.
kid	not anyone that I know.
cgv	is anybody out that you don't know.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	who are they.
kid	Daddy I said I don't know their names.
cgv	oh.
kid	if I don't know em how can I know em.
cgv	you're right you can't know em if you don't know em.
kid	ow.
kid	let me go I can't ever go I can't ever go Daddy do you wan(t) (t)a see what I made.
cgv	yeah wow.
cgv	what a nice picture.
kid	you have it upside+down it's a tv and a radio and a tv table.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Andy and me thought you were in a bus fire when you didn't get home until so late.
cgv	oh what would you have done if I had been in a bus fire.
kid	I guess I would have put it out so you wouldn't get killed you should have saw us waiting for you we were really silly.
