participant	content
kid	uhhuh I have a cookies and I find to me I can't find it I can't find it I not can find it.
cgv	what can't you find.
kid	I can't find it.
cgv	okay let's play a game.
cgv	Daddy's going to say something and I want you to say it after I say it okay.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	the boy was happy that the turtle came.
kid	the boy was happy and the turtle came.
cgv	the boy is glad that the grass is good.
kid	the boy is glad that the grass is good.
cgv	the girl is like her mother.
kid	girl is like his mother.
cgv	the goat is happy when the sky is blue.
kid	the goat is happy and the sky is blue.
cgv	the hippo wanted to kiss the lion.
kid	hippo want to kiss the lion.
cgv	the baby cries when his mother goes away.
kid	baby cries when mothers go away.
cgv	the boy watches Sesame Street while he eats dinner.
kid	the boy watch Sesame Street he eat dinner.
cgv	the turtle can do something.
kid	turtle can do something.
cgv	the cow did do the dishes.
kid	the cow can do the dishes.
cgv	the goat will do his homework.
kid	goat homework.
cgv	hippos may do what they please.
kid	hippos do what they please.
cgv	the cow cannot do anything.
kid	cow can't not do anything.
cgv	the frog did not do the picture.
kid	frog didn't um.
cgv	a flower will not do in December.
kid	flower cannot do in December.
cgv	sentences may not do what they please.
kid	&m do &w what they please.
cgv	the fox do can something.
kid	fox can do something.
cgv	the orangutan do did his laundry.
kid	orangutan go do his laundry.
cgv	the sheep do will his sewing.
kid	the sheep do his sewing.
cgv	the baby do may the exercises.
kid	baby may do the exercises.
cgv	the cow not can do anything.
kid	the cow not doing anything.
cgv	the frog do not did the dishes.
kid	frog did not do dishes.
cgv	a hippo will do not in the desert.
kid	hippo not in the desert.
cgv	monkeys may do what not they please.
kid	monkeys do what they please.
cgv	okay do you wan(t) (t)a play some more or do you want to quit.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a play some more games.
cgv	okay here we go.
cgv	the monkey'll go home.
kid	monkey can go home.
cgv	I'll be a silly goose.
kid	I'll be silly goose.
cgv	a sheep'll eat the grass.
kid	a sheep can eat the grass.
cgv	the boy'll take a nap.
kid	boy taking boy can take a nap downstairs.
cgv	Abe'll be happy.
kid	Abe will be happy.
cgv	he did went downtown.
kid	he did go downtown.
cgv	he didn't saw anything.
kid	he didn't saw anything.
cgv	the lion can ate his dinner.
kid	a lion can eat his dinner.
cgv	the fly cannot stood up.
kid	fly can't sit up.
cgv	the donkey will not drank the water.
kid	donkey can't drink the water.
cgv	okay that's all for now those were hard games weren't they.
kid	uhhuh I wan(t) (t)a play a game I wan(t) (t)a.
cgv	okay we'll play some more later on okay.
kid	okay another one you can't come here this is my book.
cgv	the tree and the deer are friends.
kid	the tree and the deer are friends.
cgv	the dog or the cat will go home.
kid	dog or the cat will go home the cat will not go home.
cgv	a cat and a mouse ran away.
kid	cat and a mouse ran away.
cgv	the camel or the donkey kissed the alligator.
kid	camel and the kissed the alligator.
cgv	the dog ate bread and cheese.
kid	dog ate bread and cheese.
cgv	mommy mouse bought ice cream and peanuts.
kid	momma mouse bought ice cream and peanuts.
cgv	a monkey will kiss the dog or the goat.
kid	a monkey kiss the dog and the goat.
cgv	the boy wanted an apple or a banana.
kid	boy can eat banana apple.
cgv	the dog kissed me but the mouse did not.
kid	a mouse kissed you.
cgv	the elephant cried and the camel laughed.
kid	elephant cried and a camel laughed funny camel.
cgv	the baby drank his milk but his mother drank tea.
kid	the baby drink milk and his mother drink tea.
cgv	the lion yelled but the hippo whispered.
kid	hippo whispered.
cgv	what else.
kid	the lion yelled.
cgv	the butterfly flew away and the little boy ran after him.
kid	the butterfly went away and little boy run after him.
cgv	lion pushes goat goat pushes turtle who pushes the goat.
kid	the lion.
cgv	who does the goat push.
kid	the turtle.
cgv	camel kisses zebra zebra kisses elephant who will kiss the zebra.
kid	the camel did.
cgv	who will the zebra kiss.
cgv	cow knocks pig pig knocks farmer who does the pig knock.
cgv	who knocks the pig.
kid	who knocks the big pig.
cgv	do you want to quit or play more games.
kid	we will play we will play.
cgv	okay, here's another game horse hits hippo, hippo hits mouse who will the hippo hit.
cgv	who will hippo hit.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a knock him down.
cgv	who will hit the hippo.
kid	horse the horse I wan(t) (t)a do that.
kid	what you doing.
kid	I'm up here.
kid	I paint.
