participant	content
cgv	I think we should make some arrows for somebody.
kid	for me.
cgv	for Robin Hood.
kid	yeah me (be)cause I'm Robin Hood.
cgv	okay.
kid	I have one one I think we need to make another thing where to put the arrows.
cgv	we need to make another thing to put the arrows in.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay.
kid	this is how um Robin Hood puts em in he just puts the tops in like that and he lets um the bottoms out see.
kid	that's a good idea.
cgv	oh.
kid	what is that.
cgv	this is going to be an arrow.
kid	oh.
cgv	what are you going to do with your arrows Robin.
cgv	huh.
kid	I'm going shoot em to a target and take em off how does that sound.
cgv	you're gon (t)a shoot em at a target.
kid	yeah shoot em oh no no no no no no no no+no you know these don't have holes in them.
cgv	what doesn't.
kid	these Robin Hoods just a second I need to go tee+tee here Dad.
cgv	okay thank you.
kid	I went in the dark I didn't need you to turn the light on.
cgv	that was really brave Abe that was really nice I'm glad you did that.
kid	I think we need to make I think I didn't know arrows look like that.
cgv	sure they do.
kid	is this the top.
kid	is this the top.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	that's the bottom.
cgv	uhhuh right here where the feathers go.
kid	this is the top.
cgv	is that the front or the top.
kid	the top and this is the bottom where feathers are.
cgv	oh where feathers are is the bottom hhmm.
kid	can I I want uh can I hold that one.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	is these stickers.
cgv	uhhuh so you have to be very careful with them right.
kid	uhhuh here.
cgv	is that how you want it.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	okay.
kid	put another one on here and and and okay put one on here.
cgv	how's that.
kid	you put tape on this one so that oughta ought to] be the same like this one okay.
kid	yeah and then put the tape the stickers on this one then tape it on the top okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	that's a good idea one thought of that last night.
cgv	you thought of what last night.
kid	that this thing to do.
cgv	oh to make arrows.
kid	yeah.
cgv	when did you think about it.
kid	when I was sleeping last night.
cgv	oh did you have a dream about it or were you just thinking.
kid	thinking.
cgv	oh you were just thinking huh.
cgv	were you sleeping while you were thinking.
kid	yeah.
cgv	oh.
kid	I got a target I got a target who's gon (t)a be the king.
cgv	I don't know we'll find somebody.
kid	think Greggy and Andy were gon (t)a last Sunday Greggy and Andy came over and then you were at uh here then then then I thought of something we could do.
cgv	what did you think.
kid	I thoughted thought] +ed-sup] we could be Robin Hood and Greggy said +"/..
kid	+" I'm gon (t)a be the king.
kid	and Mommy were gon (t)a be Maid Marian and and and and Andy said +"/..
kid	+" I'm gon (t)a be a rhino.
kid	and you said you were go(i)n(g) (t)a be uh what.
kid	a what Dad.
cgv	I'm gon (t)a be little John.
kid	okay.
cgv	when you were thinking last night what were you thinking with.
kid	this is a short arrow right.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	and this is a big arrow a rocket's taking off for the moon zoom.
kid	oh see this.
cgv	what.
kid	this.
cgv	that book.
kid	yeah see Grampa did this a long time ago.
cgv	what.
kid	this see.
cgv	he taped that page.
kid	yeah when we're at Pennsylvania.
cgv	oh that was a long time ago.
kid	this has one two three and this has one two three this is a good idea two moon rockets.
kid	one passed by two passed by three passed by four passed by.
cgv	what did they pass by.
kid	huh.
cgv	what did they pass by.
kid	they passed by a a serpent was hiding on this side boom.
kid	they got something a snake a hole with a a hole with a hi ho the dairy o@si a hole with a I wan(t) (t)a do this one now.
cgv	you wan(t) (t)a shoot it.
kid	yeah show me how it does okay.
kid	show me how it works.
cgv	okay you grab this.
kid	okay.
cgv	and you put this here.
kid	okay.
cgv	and then you shoot it.
kid	okay Now I can do it.
cgv	okay oh hey.
cgv	the scab came off your lip today does it feel okay.
kid	yeah.
cgv	good if you need ointment on it let me know do you want me to make a target and you can shoot at the target.
kid	yeah make it stand up okay.
cgv	make the target stand up.
kid	yeah so I can make three holes in it there's one Mommy put ointment on it so it could dry it off and Mommy was so happy for it to get off.
cgv	she was happy when the scab came off.
kid	yeah when her started to leave Mommy said +"/..
kid	+" wait wait for I go to school and then you can get a surprise because it comed@n off.
cgv	Mommy said that when she started to leave.
kid	yeah for school.
cgv	oh when she started to leave for school tonight.
kid	yeah can you get me a surprise.
cgv	how about a piece of candy.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay here you go.
kid	thank you when we when we played in the street Mommy got so mad.
cgv	what happened.
kid	when Mommy comed@n when we played in the street when Abe and I mean Greggy and me and and Mom and Andy were crossing the street then Mommy said +"/..
kid	+" hey wait did you cross the street all by yourself.
kid	and and I said +"/..
kid	+" yes we did.
kid	+" how come.
kid	said Mommy +"/..
kid	+" because you didn't come out with me.
cgv	did you cross the street by yourself.
kid	yeah.
cgv	which street.
kid	the street where our car was.
cgv	at the zoo today.
kid	yeah.
cgv	well you know you should wait for Mom okay.
kid	her didn't come yet.
cgv	her didn't she didn't come so you went by yourself.
kid	yeah.
cgv	well you should wait for her it's real dangerous crossing the street so even if we're not there you should wait for us okay.
kid	okay I looked down the road and there were no cars coming.
cgv	you did look.
cgv	yeah (ex)cept there were no cars good how's that.
kid	pretty fine can I shoot now.
cgv	you sure can.
kid	okay is this how you do it.
kid	can I uh +....
cgv	that's pretty good.
kid	hey I don't know how.
cgv	look you hold it like this.
kid	okay.
cgv	you grab the string like this.
kid	okay.
cgv	put the arrow in here like this.
kid	oh can you let me do it.
cgv	sure.
kid	whoops.
cgv	not quite far enough here I'll hold the target closer you need a lot of practice to be like Robin Hood don't you.
kid	you get your other hand and help me.
cgv	okay here we'll put the target right here.
kid	okay.
cgv	and you can come sit in my lap and I'll help you do you need some ointment on your sore.
kid	no.
cgv	okay don't pick at it now.
kid	pick is like this.
cgv	oh put one hand here put the other hand here and you rest this on top.
kid	okay.
cgv	are you ready.
kid	yeah.
cgv	when I say +"/..
cgv	+" let go.
cgv	let go ready.
cgv	set go oh pretty close huh.
kid	yeah (ex)cept it didn't got a hole in it.
cgv	it's hard to make a hole we'll have to get a special type of target okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	are you ready to shoot another one.
kid	yeah.
cgv	tell me when you're ready.
kid	I'm ready.
cgv	okay wow.
cgv	we knocked the target off didn't we.
kid	yeah we did I'll go get it.
cgv	okay.
kid	a alligator's in here so get your legs up.
cgv	I'll get my legs up I don't want no alligator to bite my toes.
kid	I'll get him.
cgv	okay I'll hold the target for you.
kid	hold the arrow too.
cgv	okay did you get him.
kid	yeah.
cgv	say would you like a sword.
kid	huh.
cgv	would you like a sword.
kid	sword.
cgv	yeah do you remember what a sword is.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what's a sword.
kid	um it (i)s a yeah.
cgv	would you like a sword.
kid	no I would like a thing like this.
cgv	oh you like your bow and arrow and that's enough.
kid	yeah.
cgv	we need to make something to keep your arrows in don't we.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I bet Mommy could make something.
kid	I think her could.
cgv	me too.
kid	roxons@c are good.
cgv	what.
kid	roxons@c see this is a roxon@c that it's made out of black stuff and it's breadable breakable] yeah it's breakable.
cgv	what is.
cgv	show me again.
kid	okay This is breakable like this.
cgv	oh the quiver to keep the arrows in.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	a quiver that's called a quiver I think I'm not sure I'll have to find out but I think it's called a quiver.
kid	what is this.
cgv	what.
kid.	
cgv	bring me your brown bag your mailman bag.
kid	what mailman bag.
cgv	see it on the floor over there.
kid	yeah.
cgv	know what we could do.
kid	what.
cgv	we could put the arrows in here and pretend this is a quiver.
kid	no when it's so old we could cut it out.
cgv	and make a quiver.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I don't think we want to cut this up Mommy made this look what does it say.
kid	mailman bag.
cgv	it says mail bag.
kid	yeah when it gets so old and the letters get so old we could cut a thing out.
cgv	we could use this as a quiver.
kid	no I don't wan(t) (t)a do that a alligator's still coming.
cgv	what is he doing.
kid	I got him he's dead dead see this.
cgv	your bunny.
kid	yeah lovey see this ear is longer from the other ear see.
cgv	let's see it is I didn't know that.
kid	Mommy didn't know that either.
cgv	oh did you tell her too.
kid	uhhuh I wan(t) (t)a shoot the target now.
cgv	okay set it up and we'll shoot it.
kid	this is only for people.
cgv	what.
kid	it's I got it off.
cgv	what.
kid	see it's okay I didn't bleed.
cgv	oh you picked the rest of your scab off.
kid	no I +....
cgv	let's put some ointment on that okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	here we go.
kid	see this is the thing Robin Hood had a thing like that see.
cgv	yeah Robin Hood has a bow and arrow just like yours are you glad I made that for you.
kid	yeah which one.
cgv	the bow.
kid	yeah.
cgv	this is a bow those are arrows and that's a quiver.
kid	uhhuh (ex)cept we need to make a (ex)cept mine Robin Hood hat has that's how it works (ex)cept we can't find a feather.
cgv	you think we could make a feather out of paper.
kid	yeah then we could tape it on then we could color it red.
cgv	yeah we could color it.
kid	we could color it red hey Yeah red this is red red I found red I found red Dad.
cgv	okay is that a good looking feather.
kid	yeah now I can color it.
cgv	I have to cut it out first okay.
kid	don't fold it.
cgv	I'm not.
kid	I'll hold this up for you.
cgv	so I can look at it when I draw.
kid	yeah.
cgv	good idea okay where's the scissors.
kid	no those are my scissors.
cgv	I know but I'm gon (t)a use em for a second okay.
kid	yeah hey they're too little to put your fingers in.
cgv	they are.
kid	yeah because you need to do Mommy's they are bigger.
cgv	if these are too little how come I'm using em.
kid	because I think +....
cgv	if I'm using them are they still too little.
kid	yeah.
cgv	are you sure.
kid	yeah I'm sure they're just for little kids to use all the time.
cgv	oh I can't use em.
kid	you could use Mommy's next time you make me something you should use Mommy's.
cgv	you know what.
kid	what.
cgv	this isn't quite sturdy enough I know we have some poster board that would really make a sturdy feather wouldn't it.
kid	poster+board next time you need time you need to ask Amarae Next time you make me a Robin Hood hat get Mommy's get Mommy's scissors then cut the things out when these get out you could cut.
cgv	where's my pen at.
kid	a pen.
cgv	here it is.
kid	hey hey I have a good idea.
cgv	what.
kid	we could make a thing out like a black thing like Robin Hood put his arrows in we could make it out of paper too okay.
cgv	we could couldn't we.
cgv	I don't know if that would work though I think that it would be better if Mommy made it out of cloth what do you think.
kid	cloth.
kid	oh it will work.
cgv	is this a good feather.
kid	yeah.
cgv	so you think we could make the quiver out of paper too.
kid	yeah.
cgv	let me see if I can use your scissors they're not too small.
kid	I thought so (ex)cept they're weren't hey Mommy said you need to put two fingers in at one time.
cgv	two fingers in at one time.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I don't need to because my fingers are pretty big see.
cgv	do you put two fingers in.
kid	yeah my fingers are a little bit too short.
cgv	okay you show me how you put two fingers in oh I see Two fingers in one and your thumb in the other let's see how this feather looks wow: That's fine looking feather.
kid	we need to tape it on.
cgv	should we tape it.
kid	yeah tape it.
cgv	okay.
kid	that's a good idea to tape it on.
cgv	there you go why don't you go look in the mirror.
kid	okay Last time you comed@n over here I think you got me a mirror for looking and it got lost when Easteregg time comed@n.
cgv	what happened.
kid	last time you got me a mirror a little mirror for a kid easter egg time comed@n it got lost I think so.
cgv	the mirror that you got at easter got lost.
kid	yeah.
cgv	is there another mirror that you can look at.
kid	I think so in here.
cgv	why don't you look and see if you like your feather.
kid	a pretty good.
cgv	you like it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	do you want an orange quiver.
kid	yeah orange I'm gon (t)a get a string to put it on oops.
kid	I found a string it could go (ex)cept you need to tie out the knot.
cgv	all we have to do is cut the know out.
kid	no no no no your fingers are too big for two for two fingers.
cgv	know they're too big for two to go in but they work fine with one in each hole.
kid	yeah I can cut with two in one place see.
kid	like that did it work.
cgv	would you like it like that.
cgv	or a square.
kid	a circle.
cgv	okay god you sure do look like Robin Hood.
kid	I found a string is good.
cgv	that string you found is good.
kid	we could tie it no Mommy had a good idea when her started to go you could you could tie the knot out.
cgv	take the knot out.
kid	yeah take the knot out.
cgv	you think Mommy had a good idea huh.
kid	yeah.
cgv	when did she have that idea.
kid	when her didn't go to school.
cgv	right before she left.
kid	yeah right before her left hey this is pretty long so tie the knot out tie the knot out okay.
cgv	do you mean take the knot out.
cgv	or untie the knot.
kid	untie the knot.
cgv	okay.
kid	did it work pretty good.
cgv	yeah see.
cgv	we have to get the bottom fixed and we're in good shape.
kid	one two three.
cgv	do you think it's gon (t)a work alright.
kid	yeah I think pretty good.
cgv	it's almost ready.
kid	you didn't tie the knot out untie the knot out okay.
cgv	okay just a second I have to finish this okay let me see the knot what are you going to do when you get all this stuff.
kid	I don't know be Robin Hood.
cgv	that's a good idea.
kid	did it work pretty good.
cgv	I think so.
kid	tie it to my chin.
cgv	tie it to your chin.
kid	yeah so it won't fall down.
cgv	I can fix it so it won't fall down without tying it to your chin.
kid	who's gon (t)a be a rhino.
kid	who's.
cgv	I don't know we'll have to find somebody.
kid	how (a)bout Jean.
cgv	Jean downstairs.
kid	no no how (a)bout Lyle.
