participant	content
kid	yeah next time when a movie comes on next it's uh be a ape show.
cgv	it's going to be a monkey movie next time it comes on.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what are you doing.
kid	I'm eating.
cgv	what are you eating.
kid	peanuts don't say that because that gets me sick and loney@c.
cgv	what does.
cgv	peanuts.
kid	no that.
cgv	oh empty peanut shells make you sick and loney@c.
kid	uhhuh do you know you have two red pens.
cgv	yeah I know why don't we put one right here.
cgv	this one.
kid	put this one.
cgv	what one.
cgv	this one.
cgv	okay.
kid	anything happen at school.
cgv	today.
kid	yeah.
cgv	not too much really I played volleyball.
kid	next time I'm gon (t)a come there can I see you playing.
kid	can I see you playing there.
cgv	sure you want to come watch me play.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	sure I wouldn't mind that at all.
kid	what are you doing.
cgv	I'm writing.
kid	what for.
cgv	I'm making up some sentences.
kid	oh I want you to stay right here Momma.
cgv	I'm going to stay for just a little while then I have to go back to Jean's house.
kid	why you stayed there a long time.
kid	how come.
kid	crack this crack this.
cgv	why don't you come over here Abe.
kid	what is it.
kid	what is it.
kid	what is it.
cgv	nothing I just thought that I could crack your nut if you brought it over here do you want me to.
kid	yeah what's that.
cgv	it's a stick.
kid	it has a rope on it.
cgv	uhhuh Mommy's making a macrame.
kid	Mommy maybe you have to go there one more and then I can go down.
cgv	okay I think we can arrange that what are you doing Abe.
kid	I'm running.
cgv	oh.
cgv	okay do you want to come down there with me Abe.
kid	yeah.
cgv	Dad see the Santa Claus poster I got.
cgv	how nice.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a color on it.
cgv	this isn't to be colored on I guess it's to be hung up.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a hang it up I wan(t) (t)a do it on that wall read it to me.
cgv	what.
kid	huh.
cgv	what.
kid	read the Wizard of Oz okay.
cgv	why don't you tell me what you did at Jean's.
cgv	and I'll read that to you later.
cgv	what did you so at Jean's.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a tell you.
cgv	how come.
kid	because.
cgv	do you wan(t) (t)a see what else I got.
kid	yeah what else.
kid	is that for me.
cgv	it's to cut cheese.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a do it and play with clay.
cgv	oh you want to use it when you play with clay.
kid	uhhuh I want a red pen.
cgv	what are you going to do with a red pen.
kid	no what is this.
kid	a wrong red pen here it is this is a good red pen.
cgv	hey Abe why don't you help me pick up your little cards.
kid	how come.
cgv	because it's so messy in here with all of those cards lying on the floor.
kid	it's messy.
cgv	uhhuh we can put em in here.
kid	I don't know where they belong to maybe we should &m I can't get this off I wan(t) (t)a get this off.
cgv	that cap.
kid	yeah I want to put this in here which way does this do.
kid	this way.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	it can't work.
cgv	it doesn't work that way.
kid	uhuh.
cgv	well would you like to use your colors instead.
kid	yeah I guess so some people call me yuck.
cgv	who calls you yucky.
kid	Amara does Amara does.
cgv	that wasn't very nice was it.
kid	huh.
kid	I'm scribbling.
cgv	you sure are what are you coloring.
kid	I'm coloring a coloring book the Wizard of Oz.
cgv	oh you're coloring the Wizard of Oz.
kid	huh.
cgv	you're coloring the Wizard of Oz right.
kid	yeah I wan(t) (t)a do my color with uh uh oil pastels okay.
cgv	with oil pastels.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay I'll get em for you.
kid	they are better these are not better.
cgv	bring me the red pen when you're done.
kid	huh.
cgv	bring me the red pen when you're done.
kid	it's it's there.
cgv	put the ball back Abe so it doesn't get lost.
kid	okay where does it go.
kid	in the round things.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	help me do these.
cgv	help you do what.
kid	my coloring book.
cgv	how can I help you color.
kid	because because I'm doing hardest.
cgv	it's hard to color in that book.
kid	yeah oh how I'm gon (t)a get this lot of black off.
cgv	you can't once you color with it you can't get it off.
kid	I'm thirsty I want some milkie.
cgv	okay just ask.
kid	please put my oil pastels up.
cgv	are you through coloring with your oil pastels.
kid	yeah what is this.
cgv	what is it.
kid	see.
kid	see.
kid	it's paper.
cgv	paper.
kid	yeah.
cgv	oh Christmas paper it's wrapping paper.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a get my milkie I want it in a black glass.
cgv	okay here is a black glass here you go sounds to me like you were thirsty.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a do the rest of them.
cgv	oh Abe let's wait and do those when we go to Texas okay.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a do the rest of them these rest of these I wan(t) (t)a do rest of these I wan(t) (t)a do the rest of these I wan(t) (t)a do the rest of these.
cgv	why don't we wait until we go to Texas.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a wait for a long time I can't do them I can't do them you help me.
cgv	I will when we go to Texas would you like to paint right now.
kid	with water colors.
cgv	if you want to.
kid	uhhuh I want to I want to.
cgv	okay why don't you pick up that mess and I'll get the painting stuff ready.
kid	okay I'm having problems I can't pick all this up I'm too little.
cgv	here I'll help you.
cgv	you can come paint whenever you want to.
kid	I'm gon (t)a make another picture just just like that one.
cgv	like the happy snowman.
kid	yeah I would like to eat something while I paint again.
cgv	what would you like to eat.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a eat some more pomegranates.
cgv	we're out of pomegranates.
kid	I'm &m I wan(t) (t)a see.
cgv	tomorrow when we go to the co_op you can pick out a pomegranate if you want to.
kid	I want to.
cgv	what's that.
kid	it's footprints.
cgv	what's walking on the paper making footprints.
kid	it's a paintbrush.
cgv	oh.
kid	what &m this to make.
cgv	huh.
kid	watch this.
cgv	all the different colors you use.
kid	yeah now watch it now watch this color and this color I made orange.
cgv	it looks black to me.
kid	I'm through hang this no this is not for the wall this is for Daddy.
cgv	well why don't you make another one.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a make another picture I'm so tired for making lot of pictures.
cgv	what would you like to do.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a see pomegranates are all gone I wan(t) (t)a see.
cgv	we don't have any Abe.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a see a pomegranate.
cgv	do you see one.
kid	no.
cgv	I told you we didn't have any.
kid	what are those for.
cgv	what.
kid	these presents.
cgv	those are little fruit+cakes to give to some friends.
kid	oh that's okay that's okay.
cgv	what's okay.
kid	nothing's okay.
cgv	nothing.
kid	I'm making a choo+choo train.
cgv	how are you making a choo+choo train.
kid	with trucks.
cgv	trucks do they have a train track.
kid	choo_choo@o choo_choo@o choo_choo@o choo_choo@o choo_choo@o choo_choo@o choo_choo@o choo_choo@o choo_choo@o choo_choo@o choo_choo@o choo_choo@o choo_choo@o choo_choo@o.
cgv	what are you doing Abe.
kid	I'm making a choo+choo train.
cgv	you are.
kid	yeah.
cgv	good.
kid	choo_choo@o choo_choo@o choo_choo@o do you know what choo+choo trains are like.
cgv	what are choo+choo trains like.
kid	no no not like to eat they like to choo+choo.
cgv	what do choo+choo trains like to eat.
kid	they don't like they don't eat anything.
cgv	where's that train going Abe.
kid	it's going to a gobber's@c store.
cgv	what's it going to get there.
kid	it's going to get uh oh no one got away oh damn it.
cgv	what's the matter.
kid	my choo+choo train doesn't work my choo+choo train doesn't work I'll have ta play with this I guess I'm making a a round choo+choo train.
cgv	a round one.
kid	now this goes where's another piece of of another choo+choo train because I'm making a round one.
cgv	you want it to be the biggest one.
kid	yeah here's a truck where's another one.
kid	I need one more this &m is not gon (t)a work.
cgv	here's a sled.
kid	no this don't work.
cgv	why don't you use some people.
cgv	here.
kid	no people don't work I'm finding cars that go see.
cgv	do you see any.
kid	no.
cgv	I don't either.
cgv	what are you looking for.
kid	I'm looking for some more trucks.
cgv	I hope you find some.
kid	I'm a tiger I live this tiger lives in here.
cgv	in that cave.
kid	yeah where's the mommy tiger in here.
cgv	do you think the mommy tiger went out to look for the baby tiger.
kid	yeah here's a daddy tiger here's a daddy tiger.
cgv	that's a daddy tiger.
kid	yeah.
cgv	where's your mommy tiger daddy tiger.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	her is in the closet looking for her baby.
cgv	oh where's the baby tiger.
kid	a daddy tiger broked@n the choo+choo train.
cgv	were his feet too big.
kid	yeah a tiger's tired.
cgv	what's that tiger finding.
kid	a daddy tiger found a lemon.
cgv	what's he going to do with that huge lemon.
kid	he's uh eat it.
cgv	did he eat it.
kid	he dumped it in the river a tiger's a daddy tiger's he's finding his mommy.
cgv	were did the mommy tiger go.
kid	her went to look for her baby will you be a mommy.
kid	and dad will be a baby.
cgv	Daddy's going to be the baby or you're going to be the baby.
kid	I'm gon (t)a be a daddy and Stan my daddy will be a baby.
cgv	okay.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a do it right now.
cgv	hey baby.
cgv	do you want me to be a baby.
kid	yeah.
cgv	yyy [=! cries and whines].
kid	you be a people and then then I'm uh be get a kiss.
cgv	okay oh boy Abe gave me a kiss.
kid	no I'm a tiger.
cgv	oh it was still nice.
kid	a tiger's getting up here a tiger's getting up here.
cgv	is he going to make it.
cgv	what's the tiger climbing.
kid	he's climbing in his cave because he's tired.
cgv	what happened to the tiger.
kid	he didn't do anything a tiger's hungry.
cgv	what's he going to eat.
kid	look at this this is mine picture.
cgv	how did that get on the floor.
cgv	Dad did you see Abe's picture of a giraffe.
cgv	no let me see wow.
kid	hang it up hang it up okay.
cgv	come here and I'll get you some tape there you go.
kid	it needs more tape it goes up and down because uh it goes up and down because it needs more tape on it.
cgv	okay here's some more go hang it up.
kid	up here.
kid	I can't reach that.
cgv	sure you can just stand on your tiptoes.
kid	maybe I can try there I hanged it see.
kid	see.
cgv	uhhuh.
cgv	it really looks nice Abe.
kid	a tiger is hungry.
cgv	he's still hungry what's the tiger going to eat.
kid	he's gon (t)a fight with a snake then then he gon (t)a eat a snake.
cgv	oh.
kid	he eated it he eated it a tiger's thirsty now.
cgv	where is he going to find water.
kid	in his cave.
cgv	what's that tiger doing.
kid	he's licking [=! making lapping noises] what &m a tiger.
kid	a tiger a tiger a cougar find +....
cgv	a cougar found the tiger.
kid	yeah.
cgv	are they friends.
kid	no he found another snake when you are through doing that when you're through studying and macrameing@n and you be a mommy tiger and and and +....
cgv	and what.
kid	then then and and a baby tiger will hide okay.
cgv	okay who's the baby tiger.
kid	I'm a cowboy and you be two tigers when you're I said +"/..
kid	+" when you're through +/..
cgv	okay I'm through macrameing@n.
kid	what's on.
kid	huh.
cgv	nothing I was just looking at the schedule.
kid	I like to watch Charlie Brown (be)cause it's mine favorite tv show.
cgv	it is.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	what about Rudolph the Red Nose Reindeer.
cgv	and Sesame Street.
cgv	don't you like them.
kid	uhhuh I like them.
cgv	Abe Charlie Brown isn't on tonight anyway but next time he's on you can watch him okay.
kid	okay next Thursday.
cgv	I don't think so but we'll see we'll be in +....
