participant	content
kid	I'm gon (t)a put thing thing in there this thing won't go on there.
cgv	okay you have to start all over.
kid	hey hey Mom.
cgv	huh.
kid	I did it all wrong I didn't know how.
cgv	okay remember.
cgv	the square goes in the corner.
kid	oh it goes in there okay the square goes in the corner then the big one then the little one goes in there then you put this one there then what this one should go.
cgv	this one goes right next to the square and the long side goes next to the other long side.
kid	oh okay so this one where this one should go.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	that one should go here.
cgv	uhhuh I think you're right.
kid	and where this one should go.
cgv	where does it look like it should go.
kid	here.
cgv	no.
kid	here.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	okay I'll put it here.
cgv	with the long edge you have to get the long edges together no that's not the long edge.
kid	where the long edge is then.
cgv	here let's feel them all this one's long and this one's long that's the longest one.
kid	okay this one then this one and then this one no this one then this one and then this one and then this one.
cgv	uhhuh see Dad he did it.
cgv	he sure did.
cgv	do you want to try it again all by yourself this time.
kid	no this time you help me.
cgv	I'll help you just if you need help I'd like to watch you do it all by yourself.
kid	I'm gon (t)a need help I want help Mom what is this when I put this together.
kid	huh.
kid	will you show me which one this one goes here.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	then this one goes here.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	then this one goes here.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	then this one goes here.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	then this one goes here.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	then this one goes here.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	and this one goes here.
cgv	and look what you've made that's pretty clever.
kid	can I do that again.
cgv	why of course.
kid	okay this one goes there then this one that goes there then this one that goes here and this one goes here and this one goes here and this one goes here.
cgv	I have a game to play if you want to.
kid	what.
cgv	here are some things that belong together here +/..
kid	hey.
kid	I have a good one I have a good one I have to get my animals this is my game this one goes here this one goes here and this one goes here and this one goes here and this one goes here and this one goes here and this one goes here and this one goes here and this one goes here and this one goes here the animals chase the rabbit.
cgv	the animals all chase the rabbit.
kid	the animals chase uh the giraffe.
cgv	0.
kid	does a does a giraffe go that high.
cgv	yeah I've seen em run before who's on top of my head.
kid	the giraffe is.
cgv	what's a giraffe doing on top of my head.
kid	he's finding a home.
cgv	he's finding a home.
kid	yeah.
cgv	do you think he's going to live on top of my head.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	what am I gon (t)a do.
kid	you could walk with him.
cgv	would he have a hard time keeping his balance.
kid	uhhuh hard time you could just carry him with one hand and then he say +"/..
kid	+" help I'm falling.
kid	and then what will you will say.
cgv	what did he say.
kid	what did you say.
cgv	I didn't hear what you said Daddy was talking to me.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" help I'm on top of someone's head.
kid	what did you say.
cgv	I would say +"/..
cgv	+" Mr Zookeeper a giraffe needs a home.
cgv	I'd say +"/..
cgv	+" Mr Jungdeman this giraffe needs a home he likes tall trees.
kid	and then what and then what comed@n.
kid	a bad big thing comed@n.
cgv	and then what would the giraffe say.
kid	help.
kid	a tiger.
cgv	I know what they could do they could both get on the same boat and go back to Africa.
kid	then then then the tiger could chase him then he could bite a alligator then he could ride on this then he could bite a people.
cgv	why would he want to bite a people.
kid	the alligator's fast.
cgv	he's fast.
kid	yeah Mommy we made a house we made a house.
cgv	let me see where is it.
cgv	yeah Daddy look Abe made a house.
cgv	let me see that's a nice house Abe Abe I'm gon (t)a give you some wood okay.
kid	how come.
cgv	so you can make stuff with it.
kid	what are you gon (t)a get me.
cgv	here.
kid	hey who painted this side.
kid	who painted this side because I sort of like blue.
cgv	that's red do you like that.
kid	I like blue instead.
cgv	you'd rather it was blue.
cgv	well you can repaint it.
cgv	you can get your watercolors and paint it.
kid	okay they're too high to reach.
cgv	oh did you want me to get em.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	why don't you come put this puzzle together first if you're through playing with it.
cgv	and I'll get your watercolors down.
kid	can you help me.
cgv	yeah I'll help.
kid	this one could go and this one could go and this one could go and this one when you put this up I have a good idea you put this one here then you put this one together then then this one.
cgv	you aren't remembering how to do it.
kid	these are airplanes.
cgv	oh you're making things with the pieces I thought you were trying to put it back together I didn't know you were trying to make pretty designs.
kid	this is a bat a bat fell down I'm gon (t)a watch you put it together Mom.
cgv	hey okay I put the square in the corner and I put the large triangle upon top of the square and I get a small triangle and put it here I get a diamond and a triangle.
kid	yea for Ann Duncan.
cgv	thank you thank you.
kid	can you put this up.
cgv	surely do you want it with your other puzzles.
kid	huh.
cgv	I'll put it over with your other puzzles so you can always remember where it is in case you want to play with it.
kid	okay I wan(t) (t)a do it right there I wan(t) (t)a do it right there Mom.
cgv	okay let me clear all of this stuff off.
kid	hey Mom can you help me hold this.
kid	hey Mom I'm gon (t)a use this one because I wan(t) (t)a paint blue.
cgv	well you know you can use all the colors you like.
kid	no can you get me can you get me some water.
cgv	that's what I was doing.
kid	oh I need a little water.
cgv	what are you doing Abe.
kid	I'm just painting.
cgv	you're just painting.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I got some free orange juice today Abe.
kid	huh.
cgv	I got some orange juice today.
cgv	oh boy.
kid	why you put why you set these things together.
cgv	what things.
kid	these things it can't move any more.
cgv	you know why.
kid	why.
cgv	there it moves I was gon (t)a say that last time you painted there was a lot of water left in here and it sort of stuck like glue.
kid	Mommy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a wipe this because I don't like this color.
cgv	well you know if you don't like that color you can put yellow or green or purple.
kid	I'm gon (t)a I'm just gon (t)a make it dry.
cgv	okay.
kid	hey hey hey it turned to blue it changed into blue.
cgv	it sure did do you like it.
kid	yeah hey I could uh I sort o(f) wan(t) (t)a make a puck I sort o(f) wan(t) (t)a make a puck.
cgv	you want to make a puck out of that.
kid	yeah because because I sort o(f) wan(t) (t)a make a puck do you have anything I could cut this out so one could made a puck.
cgv	you need a big saw for that Abe.
kid	huh.
cgv	you need a large saw to do that.
kid	why.
cgv	I can make you a puck at school one day would you like that.
kid	no I want you to make a puck with with my wood.
cgv	yeah I will with your wood okay.
kid	tonight.
cgv	you mean to cut it all out tonight.
kid	yeah we could we could go ice skating tonight.
cgv	would you like to.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	I don't know I think since it snowed so much today that they haven't been cleaned off.
kid	tonight I sort o(f) wan(t) (t)a make a puck.
cgv	okay we'll work on it okay.
kid	okay all the kids down at the two bed+rooms and the kids far away and the big kids have pucks so I sort o(f) wan(t) (t)a make a round puck just like the big kids.
cgv	all the big kids in the two bed+rooms have pucks and you'd like to have one too.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	well I think we can work on that.
kid	tonight.
cgv	yeah tonight.
kid	okay What's on tonight Daddy.
cgv	the baboon show.
kid	I thoughted@n you said raccoons raccoons.
cgv	no I said chimpanzees and Mommy said baboons and Mommy was right and I was wrong.
kid	was I wrong too.
kid	was I wrong too.
cgv	what did you say.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" is the mean ape show on tonight.
cgv	yeah because they aren't mean.
cgv	they are mean aren't they.
cgv	I thought that baboons were mean.
cgv	well if they're trying to protect themselves they do are you through watercoloring.
kid	yeah because I colored this blue.
cgv	oh you just wanted to cover up that one red spot.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	I thought you wanted to paint the whole block.
kid	no.
cgv	you could paint every side different.
kid	every side different of course I would I can paint this one first then I can get that color then I could paint this side.
cgv	I'll get you some new water.
kid	thank you.
cgv	you're welcome you're welcome.
cgv	what are you going to do with that Abe.
kid	huh.
cgv	what are you going to do with that.
kid	all of these things.
cgv	yeah.
kid	all of these big things.
cgv	you don't know yet.
cgv	you just want to wait and surprise everyone.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	do you have any idea.
kid	oh I see it's water.
cgv	where.
kid	right here.
cgv	what are you doing Abe.
kid	I'm still painting.
cgv	oh I see so many pretty colors on that block.
cgv	me too what's it going to be Abe.
kid	it's just going to be a coloring block.
cgv	oh I hate having colds the thing I hate worse is having a sore nose.
cgv	put some Mentholatum on it it's in the bath+room or Mycitracin it's out here.
cgv	I think I'll go with the Mentholatum.
kid	how (a)bout Mycitracin.
cgv	I'm gon (t)a use Mentholatum.
kid	tonight can I have a snack tonight.
cgv	what do you think.
cgv	do you think you are a very big dinner.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	don't drink that water that's really dirty.
kid	coocoo@o.
cgv	a rainbow block that's beautiful you look like an artist.
kid	why.
cgv	you have paint all over your body.
kid	you could wash my hands off.
cgv	here.
cgv	maybe while we watch the baboon show we could eat some ice cream what do you think of that.
kid	no.
cgv	no.
kid	I want popcorn I don't like that ice cream.
cgv	you could have a chocolate milk shake.
kid	no no no where's my other thing.
kid	huh.
cgv	what did you say.
kid	I said when when I said uh you got me two two woods (ex)cept where's the other wood at.
cgv	here's the other piece of wood right here.
kid	oh hurry are you gon (t)a hurry.
kid	get your +/..
cgv	I'm ready I've got ta draw on it first.
kid	okay.
cgv	you want to make a puck right.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	how big should a puck be.
kid	this big.
cgv	okay pucks are round right.
kid	yeah pucks are round.
cgv	and I've got a compass do you know why.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	because compasses help you draw round things watch see.
kid	draw the inside too.
cgv	what.
kid	draw the inside too.
cgv	we don't have to draw on the inside after we cut it out you can paint it okay.
kid	okay just not uh leave my water colors alone okay Mom.
cgv	leave em out.
kid	uhhuh what is this for.
cgv	give it to Mommy tell her it's all done.
kid	it's all done Momma.
cgv	what's all done.
kid	this one what what is these for.
cgv	they're for cutting wood.
kid	oh.
cgv	oh leave em in there they're very very sharp.
kid	is this a tool.
kid	is this a tool for little kids.
cgv	no it's a tool for big people.
kid	<oh I thoughted you> I thoughted thought] +ed-sup] this has to be in here.
cgv	that's right you leave it right there though okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	let me see how this works are you about ready to cut this.
kid	uhhuh about ready.
cgv	okay we have to cut with this right.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	this is really hard wood.
kid	you just got it.
cgv	it's really going to dull all the instruments it's really too hard.
