participant	content
cgv	Loraine and Dick.
kid	yeah can we.
kid	can we Mom.
cgv	yeah I'd like to we'll have to wait and see though.
kid	Mommy this is where my guy went this is where my guy went.
cgv	oh.
kid	that's where my guy went ow.
kid	you pushed me off the footstool you broke me.
cgv	Abe quit jumping okay.
kid	Daddy what did you say.
kid	Daddy what did you say.
cgv	nothing I was just whistling.
kid	no not that I mean what did you say to Mommy.
cgv	oh I was just telling her about Grandpa's owie.
kid	oh is his owie better.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	did you know that I had a owie.
kid	Daddy did you know that the day before this day I had a tummy ache.
cgv	uhhuh Mommy told me.
kid	tummy aches are owies right.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	my tummy ache hurt really bad but it feels all better now.
cgv	good.
kid	Mommy do you think the hamster would like the moth.
cgv	I think hamsters just like to eat their seeds.
kid	huh.
cgv	I think they just eat seeds.
cgv	hamsters don't eat meat Abe.
kid	I know (ex)cept do you think he would like to play with the moth.
kid	do you think he would like to fly.
cgv	the hamster.
kid	huh.
cgv	the hamster.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	maybe on an airplane.
kid	Daddy.
cgv	yes Abe.
kid	I mean Momma.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I want to go home I want to go home.
cgv	where's home Abe.
kid	it's over here.
cgv	that's where we are.
kid	no we aren't we're over at Karen's house.
cgv	I think you're a little mixed up this morning.
kid	I am not we're at Karen's house because Karen is here this is her home.
cgv	I think you're mixed up.
kid	I don't think so I'm not even mixed up.
cgv	you are mixed up.
kid	that's because I like to be mixed up and I am mixed up hey don't you're hurting me now.
cgv	okay then don't bug me.
kid	I'm gon (t)a fix this (be)cause I'm gon (t)a use it so I can jump on the floor when I'm on the couch can I take it out now.
cgv	what.
kid	this pillow.
cgv	go ahead.
cgv	Abe.
kid	what.
cgv	what do you think would have happened last night at the drive+in if we would have left the windows down all night.
kid	mosquitoes would have comed@n in.
cgv	yeah then what would we have done.
kid	we would have to put mosquito spray on.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	and mosquitoes even bit me while we were there last night.
cgv	they bit me too.
kid	Daddy I'm gon (t)a fire this.
cgv	huh.
kid	I'm gon (t)a fire this look.
cgv	okay be careful.
kid	I am I'm gon (t)a give it up there at the ceiling see.
kid	it hit the ceiling.
cgv	good.
kid	hey Daddy where did it land.
cgv	what.
kid	that rubberband.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	I thoughted thought] +ed-sup] it flew over there so where did it land.
kid	it landed it did land I know it landed Daddy because I think I saw it land oh.
kid	there it landed Daddy I'm gon (t)a pull this and it's gon (t)a go way way high it will go way way high it will go way way up wow.
kid	it went really high.
cgv	Ann I'm ready to eat now.
kid	I already ate.
cgv	good.
kid	I already ate my toast Daddy have you ated ate] +ed] all the cherries yet.
cgv	no I think there's still a lot left.
kid	ow.
cgv	did the rubber band backfire.
kid	yeah ten nine eight seven six five four three two one blast off.
kid	Mommy I don't see where it landed.
cgv	I think it landed on the couch.
kid	huh.
cgv	I think I saw it land on the couch.
kid	oh it did it did a back+flip didn't it Mom.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	a back+flip ten nine eight seven six five four three two one blast off.
kid	Mommy where did that rubber band land.
cgv	I didn't see it that time.
kid	it probably landed on the bookshelf.
cgv	Abe if you want to put the cushions together and make a cage we can let the hamster out.
kid	okay Mommy the hamster's awake.
cgv	good.
kid	well of course he's sleeping.
cgv	how can he be asleep if he's awake.
kid	well he's not really sleeping a lot.
cgv	Stan will you get the hamster out for Abe.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy if Mom fixes your breakfast you better take the hamster out for me.
cgv	I will okay here you go.
kid	thanks Dad hey he's tricky he's tricky hamsters are tricky Daddy he got out of the cage.
cgv	how did he get out Abe.
kid	I don't know he found a hole and he climbed out I got him back in already.
cgv	good which hole did he get out of.
kid	this hole.
cgv	okay I'll fix it so he can't get out.
kid	okay Mommy he climbed over me Mommy.
cgv	what Abe.
kid	can we bring my bike in the house at night.
cgv	why.
kid	so nobody will steal it.
cgv	oh I don't think anybody will you haven't been riding it very often lately anyway.
kid	that's (be)cause everybody been riding it.
cgv	what.
kid	everybody has been riding my bike all the time.
cgv	don't you get to ride it when you want to.
kid	no not all the time.
cgv	well we still don't need to bring it into the house.
kid	oh no Mommy.
kid	Mommy.
kid	he's going to get out of that hole Daddy.
cgv	watch him.
kid	he did.
kid	I got him and I blocked the new way Mom.
cgv	good for you.
kid	he's tricky alright Mommy he's tricky oh no he's trying to get out.
cgv	Abe do you want some toast.
kid	no I'm just playing with the hamster Mommy it looks like he has a little blood coming out of his hole.
cgv	what.
kid	look he has red here.
cgv	he's okay.
kid	Mommy I think he Mommy the hamster might like to eat breakfast.
cgv	you already fed him.
kid	oh yeah I forgot (ex)cept we could feed him lunchtime too.
cgv	no Judy said to feed him just once a day.
kid	oh Mommy he's a good climber and he could climb into little holes see.
kid	he could climb into little holes that are not too deep Daddy Mommy can I show you something.
cgv	yeah.
kid	there's not a way out I'm going to put him in a hole (ex)cept he won't be able to get out.
cgv	oh did he bite you.
kid	no (ex)cept he can't get out of the hole I put him in oh.
kid	he climbed real high he climbed when people are gone did you know that hamsters could stand on their just back feet.
cgv	on what.
kid	on their back feet.
cgv	yeah.
kid	that's what he did Mommy come see.
cgv	just a second.
kid	did you know hamsters climb when people are gone.
kid	Mommy.
kid	Mommy he's going into the fan.
cgv	pull him out.
kid	I'm trying to see his head's in it.
cgv	okay there.
kid	Mommy I don't think he should go in the fan.
cgv	I know he shouldn't.
kid	Mommy can I show you the little hole.
cgv	just a second.
kid	Mommy if I put him on a little cushion he just slides down whee.
kid	on his little back on his back Mommy he really is attached to me.
cgv	oh yeah.
kid	yeah Mom I'm gon (t)a put him in the little hole.
cgv	where is it.
kid	he's it's right here he can't get out of it (be)cause it's too small he can't get out of that hole he can't get out of that hole it's like a little cave.
