participant	content
cgv	you drank it all.
cgv	would you like some more.
kid	no I told you I was thirsty.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mommy did you know cowboys wear these kind of shirts when they are in the desert.
cgv	yeah do you know why.
kid	yeah (be)cause it's so hot in the desert and these are cool shirts know what's in the desert at nighttime Mom.
cgv	what.
kid	I don't know do you.
kid	I'm just curious.
cgv	oh animals snakes plants scorpions.
kid	oh yeah like that scorpion with the red star in it.
cgv	uhhuh is that thunder I hear.
kid	yeah I'm not hungry I'm thirsty I'm thirsty I'm thirsty Mommy can I do something.
kid	Mommy I didn't want that I was gon (t)a get the juice out of this cherry.
cgv	go ahead.
kid	I'll squeeze the juice out (ex)cept where is it.
kid	I forgot where I just put it oh Mommy the juice is dropping on the floor.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mommy can you get this out for me.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mommy I'll do that Mommy I said I'll do it.
cgv	okay Abe what's that.
kid	I don't know oh the seed the seed shouldn't have come out then do you think any more juice is going to come out.
cgv	if you keep squeezing.
kid	I will I was gon (t)a stop squeezing but I'm not now I'm gon (t)a squeeze until all the juice is out.
cgv	good.
kid	could you put a bandaid on me.
cgv	lick it.
kid	I did I did Mommy.
cgv	looking at pictures.
kid	do you think that was Winter_time.
cgv	that was Spring.
cgv	Abe eat the cherries after you squeeze the juice out otherwise you're just wasting em.
kid	okay I'll eat em I'll try eating em that fish could have been dead by then.
cgv	uhhuh it almost was dead.
kid	yeah.
cgv	where are you going love.
kid	I'm gon (t)a get my bandaid.
cgv	what.
kid	I'm gon (t)a get my bandaid.
kid	Daddy did you know that my beetle can move.
kid	I just saw it move it moved.
cgv	it must be alive.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	you have to take a bath this morning.
kid	I know hey.
kid	you maked it hard for me to jump and I almost tripped kaboom.
kid	Daddy what can I eat.
cgv	toast.
kid	okay.
cgv	okay Abe what are you doing.
kid	I was fixing my toast.
cgv	I'll get it.
kid	it's too late now (be)cause I already put it in in the toaster.
cgv	okay where are you going.
kid	I'm just looking out.
cgv	okay.
kid	ir's it's] really hot out hi Joey.
cgv	Abe the mailman just came.
kid	the mailman.
kid	I'll see what we got Daddy all we got was a book all we got was this.
cgv	oh okay.
kid	just a book ow.
cgv	what happened.
cgv	what happened.
cgv	what happened.
kid	the door smashed my fingers.
cgv	let me see I think you're okay what do you want to drink.
kid	I want water to drink.
cgv	okay what do you want on your toast.
kid	honey and cinnamon.
cgv	I don't think we have any honey Abe.
kid	well why can't you look in the rotating thing.
cgv	I'll look okay we have honey.
kid	good I want honey and cinnamon if we have cinnamon.
cgv	okay this is hard honey to get out.
kid	I know (be)cause it's way down in the bottom.
cgv	what do you want to eat.
kid	toast I already told you.
cgv	what do you want to drink.
kid	water.
cgv	how about milk.
kid	Daddy I've drinked milk for days I want water today.
cgv	okay what have you been doing all this week.
kid	huh.
cgv	what have you been doing all this week.
kid	playing that's what playing.
cgv	with who.
kid	Joey and all my friends when you were upstairs and I was downstairs I was playing with Joey.
cgv	oh.
kid	we really played a fun game when will Mommy be home.
cgv	in a few hours.
kid	oh no my Mom hasn't been here until half an hour.
cgv	she hasn't been here for longer than half an hour where are you going to eat this.
kid	at the table.
cgv	are you sure that you want water.
kid	I'm sure I want water.
cgv	okay I have to take a shower do you want to take a bath after I take a shower or do you want to take a shower with me.
kid	I'll take the shower with you.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy when are we going to move.
cgv	next Summer.
kid	I thought next Winter.
cgv	nope when would you rather move.
kid	next Winter we could move to Colorado.
cgv	maybe.
kid	or Texas.
cgv	maybe.
kid	Daddy I would like to move to Texas what would happen if this got stuck here.
cgv	I don't know I don't know.
kid	and what if there was glue there.
kid	then what would happen.
cgv	what do you think would happen.
kid	maybe the phone would be stuck forever.
cgv	maybe are you done eating.
kid	I'm almost.
