participant	content
kid	what did I do.
cgv	we went to the park this morning.
kid	yep (ex)cept Leslie didn't come.
cgv	she didn't.
kid	hunhunh she was at school.
cgv	oh did you go to school today.
kid	yep we saw ducks.
cgv	they had an incubator.
cgv	oh.
kid	(ex)cept what is a incubator.
kid	Mother what is a incubator.
cgv	it's a warm container to keep eggs in.
cgv	what do you want to drink Abe.
kid	anything I already got something to drink.
cgv	you do.
kid	yeah Mother.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	what did Tippy do when she was a kid.
cgv	Tippy.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	she walked on her tiptoes so Bumpa so Grandpa called her Tippy.
kid	what did Bumpa call her.
cgv	Tippy so we all called her Tippy her real name's Florence.
kid	hunhunh her real name is Tippytoes or Tippyfeet Mother I thought I said I didn't want any bread Mother I though I said I didn't want any bread.
cgv	I thought you said you wanted bread.
kid	uh uh toast is bread and I said I didn't want toast.
cgv	toast is hard bread.
kid	well I didn't want hard bread or soft bread Mother you can take this and make a little butter on it those are real good I like those a lot.
cgv	how long do you think before it'll be ready sug(ar).
cgv	about five minutes.
kid	ready for what.
cgv	our souffle will be done in a few minutes.
cgv	where are you going.
kid	outside.
cgv	now.
kid	yeah.
cgv	well what do you think would happen if instead of going outside I hit you in the head.
kid	that would be silly.
cgv	oh.
cgv	what happened to your knee.
kid	once I putted a paper cast on.
cgv	how did you make your paper cast.
kid	I forgot with paper and tape that's what.
cgv	oh.
kid	see here's the tape mark.
cgv	sounds like my toast popped up huh.
kid	yeah real bad too.
cgv	I like toast do you.
kid	I like it too.
cgv	what're you doing.
kid	I was I was bouncing a balloon and trying to catch it (ex)cept the balloon mostly was up in the air and that makes it really hard.
cgv	I bet.
kid	Daddy I got a lot of rocks (ex)cept I haven't eated Ralphie's sugar yet.
cgv	huh.
kid	I haven't ate Ralphie's sugar yet.
cgv	are you going to save it for a souvenir.
kid	yeah I hit the balloon and it went real hard.
cgv	huh.
kid	I want it to land on my head Daddy is today a pretty cold day for a jacket.
cgv	pretty cold.
kid	not pretty cold.
cgv	it's probably just right.
cgv	here I come.
kid	and here you go down to the cowboy rodeo.
cgv	something smells good.
kid	toast or coffee.
cgv	come here Abe.
kid	that this thing keeps falling off Mother.
cgv	did you tell Daddy about the guy with the bird in his pocket.
kid	yeah he didn't have a real one he he just made believe and he sounded like a real bird.
cgv	wow.
cgv	did he trick you.
kid	yeah he sure did.
cgv	what do you think would happen if somebody kept a bird in his pocket Abe.
kid	I don't know a real bird.
cgv	yeah a real bird.
kid	I don't know I still don't know oh Mother I could put this back on.
cgv	you better hurry.
cgv	what would you do if a giant put you in his pocket.
kid	a giant doesn't even have no pants.
cgv	what does he walk around in.
kid	he walks around in in his underwear.
cgv	oh come over here and get dressed now.
kid	hey Mother can you do that.
kid	can you do that.
kid	I already fixed it.
cgv	good come here.
kid	five is this how many pockets I got on those pants.
cgv	no do you want to put a bird in your pocket.
kid	I got a pretend bird Mom I want to wear a muscle shirt I want to wear a muscle shirt.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mother how big are my muscles.
cgv	about this big.
kid	are they hard.
cgv	sort of.
kid	Mother what are muscles.
cgv	muscles are the tissues that go around bones.
kid	Mother put my socksies@c.
cgv	get your tennis shoes.
kid	okay where are my tennis shoes anyway.
cgv	upstairs.
kid	I'll go see Mother Mother this is a good game you know why.
cgv	why.
kid	it's it's a game to see how long you play it's hard to play it you're supposed to see how long you can play it it's a exercise game Mother.
cgv	I believe it.
kid	Mother do you wan(t) (t)a play that game.
kid	it's really a good outside game.
cgv	maybe when we get back from rollerskating we can play it outside.
kid	do we have to go rollerskating today.
kid	Mother does Daddy have to go to school.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	maybe I want to go with Daddy instead of going rollerskating I don't wan(t) (t)a step in that white stuff.
cgv	why not.
kid	because Mother I got sand in my shoes.
cgv	why don't you come over here and dump it in the trash.
kid	anyway who are we going with.
cgv	Jean and Leslie.
kid	now can you put these on Mother.
cgv	they won't fit me.
kid	me how much times do I have to say that.
kid	Mother put my shoes on me Mother.
cgv	huh.
kid	which feet do these go on.
cgv	the right shoe goes on the right foot and the left shoe goes on the left foot.
kid	which is left and which is right.
cgv	this one's right and that one on the other side is left.
kid	is this the right shoe Mother.
cgv	it's the right shoe for the left foot.
kid	is this one right.
cgv	uhhuh why don't you run and ask Dad to help.
kid	then Dad wouldn't help.
cgv	well you can ask him.
kid	Dad can you put these shoes on you.
cgv	nope.
kid	on me of course.
cgv	okay.
kid	now can you tie this.
cgv	put your other one on and I'll tie them at the same time.
kid	tie them together.
cgv	no I won't tie them together.
kid	no tie em together is that what you said.
kid	no time em together.
cgv	I'll tie em together the right way.
kid	Daddy remember that time we were running up and running down the hill and my shoes got untied.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	this is funny you tied my shoes together and I fell.
cgv	uhhuh did you think that was funny.
kid	uhhuh my my feet weren't holding onto the rug so I fell I fell.
cgv	huh.
kid	I said I fell (be)cause my feet didn't hold on to the rug.
