participant	content
kid	my dinosaurs wanted to see this dinosaur book.
cgv	are you showing it to them.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what are the prehistoric mammals doing Abe.
kid	nothing.
cgv	are they learning anything from the dinosaurs.
kid	you mean these prehistoric monsters.
cgv	uhhuh the mammals.
kid	they're not alive they're not real.
cgv	I know I mean in your pretending.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what did they learn.
kid	they learned about dinosaurs that are meat eaters and even my pet dinosaurs learned about meat eaters too so so what.
cgv	what.
kid	I'm not gon (t)a tell you you tell me our ladybug needs to eat breakfast.
cgv	I bet she's looking for insects.
kid	yeah maybe she'll fly in here.
cgv	maybe.
kid	Mommy.
cgv	what.
kid	this is gon (t)a be her house okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	sure.
kid	it should be her house hey where's the roof of her house.
cgv	there.
kid	oh this is the roof of her house Mom since this is the roof of her house I bet she would like it Mom if she doesn't like it know what.
cgv	what.
kid	we would have to do something (ex)cept Mommy I think we caught something.
cgv	what did we catch.
kid	no no we caught something in our trap.
cgv	oh do you want to go out later on and see.
kid	no let me see now it might be some thing for our ladybug I'm catching something for our ladybug I'm catching something for our ladybug.
cgv	outside.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	hey did you know there's a show about monsters on tomorrow night.
kid	well what is it about.
cgv	monsters.
kid	oh Mommy if we got anything in our trap know what.
cgv	what.
kid	I'll tell you if the ladybug could eat it if it's a bug the ladybug could eat it.
cgv	probably.
kid	Mommy do you think look uh do you think Snoopy's mad or happy.
cgv	happy it looks like he's grinning.
kid	Dad.
cgv	what Abe.
kid	part of my dinosaur village broke (ex)cept we're going to fix it.
cgv	where did it break.
kid	I was going to lift it up and when I lifted it right here it broke.
cgv	oh it looks like it'll be easy to fix.
kid	yeah (ex)cept Mommy could some live in here.
cgv	what do you think.
kid	yeah some could live in here and some could live in here and some could live right here.
cgv	right.
kid	when do you think we're going to fix it.
cgv	as soon as I'm done reading the paper.
kid	wait a minute.
kid	Daddy and I could fix it with my glue.
cgv	you need to get some cardboard first.
kid	well Mommy maybe this glue could help it.
cgv	no you need some cardboard to give it strength.
kid	well where is cardboard.
cgv	look for some.
kid	rats.
kid	my balloon's sinking downer it needs more helium.
cgv	yep the helium's leaking out.
kid	I know where ripped cardboard is.
cgv	there's some cardboard boxes in your room.
kid	let me look for glue first okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	this glue could help Mom it's hard to go downstairs with a box of cardboard.
cgv	I don't think so.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay just empty one of the boxes in the closet.
kid	which one do you want me to empty.
cgv	just pick one out.
kid	okay I bet I see one that is empty so I better turn the light on no it's not empty it's full of jars jars could break I better be careful.
cgv	what are you doing Abe.
kid	Mommy needed cardboard.
cgv	why don't you go get some out of your room.
kid	okay.
cgv	is the water on in the bath+room Abe.
kid	no while I'm pooping I turn it on sometimes.
cgv	why.
kid	(be)cause I like to listen to it.
cgv	oh.
kid	are we going to use all of the cardboard.
cgv	maybe put this on the bottom.
kid	on the bottom.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mommy isn't this weird.
cgv	what.
kid	this this sort of glue hey Mommy maybe we should leave that there.
cgv	what if we put it in the window.
kid	okay look maybe I could wear a cowboy jacket.
cgv	it looks pretty cold out there to me.
kid.	
cgv	is it cold.
kid	yeah can you put my winter shoes on.
cgv	are you going outside.
kid	yeah to see if we got anything for my ladybug.
cgv	here Abe.
kid	Daddy look my balloon doesn't got much helium anymore.
cgv	I hope that it doesn't lose it all.
kid	I hope it will go back up soon know what.
kid	if it goes all the way down to the floor then it would lose all of its helium anyway that's a big knot if it loses all its helium we would have to tie another knot.
cgv	why.
kid	(be)cause the new helium would leak out unless we tie another knot a big knot.
cgv	oh.
kid	hey Mommy how (a)bout my winter coat.
cgv	it's upstairs.
kid	why do I have to go to the upstairs two times.
kid	rush out and rush in.
cgv	you don't have to go upstairs unless you want to get your coat and go outside.
kid	I want to see if it's cold again hey Mommy I can rush out and then rush back in the trap's close to the door.
cgv	if you go out you need to wear your jacket.
kid	I'm not gon (t)a play out Mommy I'm not gon (t)a play out I'm just gon (t)a listen to our trap okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	now can you tie my shoes.
kid	tie this one first okay.
kid	okay Mommy.
cgv	okay did you have sweet dreams last night.
kid	well some were monsters.
cgv	what happened.
kid	in the monster dreams well do you remember those Godzillas.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I dreamed about those Godzillas.
cgv	was it a scary dream.
kid	no it was about a island with lots of dinosaurs.
cgv	would you like to go there sometime.
kid	yeah me and Jason would go there.
cgv	wouldn't that be sort of freaky.
kid	no we're too brave I'm gon (t)a rush out now okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	we didn't catch anything for our ladybug I heared@n it (ex)cept I didn't hear anything squeaking.
cgv	squeaking.
kid	yeah if anybody gets in that trap they'll be stuck.
cgv	yeah.
kid	like a mouse.
cgv	what are you doing Abe.
kid	I'm looking at electricity.
cgv	what.
kid	I'm looking at electricity.
cgv	static electricity.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what's that thing on your ankle.
kid	it's something for helping me run fastest watch.
cgv	wow.
kid	Mom.
cgv	what Abe.
kid	u@l p@l up.
cgv	right.
kid	Mom can I try to do that.
cgv	sure.
kid	up up up I wan(t) (t)a draw up where's my pen and paper.
cgv	in the closet.
kid	oh where's that lion face Dad.
cgv	what lion face.
kid	the lion face you were gon (t)a draw.
cgv	oh.
kid	I can't see it.
cgv	I haven't drawn it yet.
cgv	there's a good picture of a lion in your Mr Munster book.
kid	where is it.
cgv	in your room on your chest of drawers.
kid	I can't get it then.
cgv	why.
kid	I can't reach it.
