participant	content
cgv	huh.
kid	is that your pocket+knife.
cgv	yeah.
kid	how come you got the littlest.
cgv	what.
kid	how come you got the really littlest.
cgv	the littlest what.
kid	the littlest part of a pocket+knife.
cgv	oh this is the hole puncher do you want holes in here.
kid	yeah lots of holes holes are what I wanted lots of holes you're putting too much holes in.
cgv	what.
kid	you're putting too much holes in.
cgv	oh that's all I'll put in then is that good.
kid	yeah (ex)cept know what happened.
cgv	what.
kid	look on this side look what happened on this side you putted a hole here and it didn't work.
cgv	oh so you think I should make it work.
kid	yeah.
cgv	here how's that.
kid	pretty fine I saw you.
cgv	you what.
kid	I saw you I think I see your skin.
cgv	let me see.
kid	give it back to me give it back to me.
cgv	come here for a second.
kid	what.
kid	what.
kid	are you gon (t)a put a string on.
kid	are you gon (t)a put a string on.
cgv	do you want a string on it.
kid	yeah hey I see the I see the (re)frigerator.
cgv	you do.
kid	yeah I see your blue+jeans.
cgv	that's a pretty good telescope isn't it.
kid	no it's not a telescope it's something to carry Easter eggs it only works like a telescope.
cgv	oh.
kid	I saw a string.
cgv	where.
kid	no I just saw this I think this will work.
cgv	okay.
kid	put a hole in it and tie a knot.
cgv	okay.
kid	I think Leslie was here and she dropped one of her ducks.
cgv	one of her what.
kid	one of her baby ducks.
cgv	she has baby ducks.
kid	yeah and they don't don't have really good wheels because they're not real wheels.
cgv	her ducks have wheels.
kid	no just Leslie's ducks have wheels and they're not really good wheels.
cgv	they're just toy ducks huh.
kid	yeah toy ducks I saw a duck Daddy.
cgv	you did.
kid	yeah quack quack quack quack stop it you silly duck quack he said it again stop saying quack you silly duck.
cgv	it's not silly for a duck to say quack.
kid	no it says it lot of times Daddy when I get older are you gon (t)a get your pocket+knife to me and I will be very careful.
cgv	how much older do you think you should be before you get a pocket+knife.
kid	five is five little.
cgv	nope.
kid	Jason is five and he's big no is Jason four.
cgv	I think Jason's five.
kid	then when I'm five I could use that pocket+knife.
cgv	we'll see.
kid	could we go play in our old neighbor hood tonight.
cgv	I don't know we'll have to wait and see how does that work.
kid	fine I think it's Easter egg time.
cgv	huh.
kid	I think it's Easter egg time.
cgv	you do.
kid	uhhuh here I see you I'm gon (t)a go look for more Easter eggs.
cgv	you are.
kid	uhhuh I don't have any Easter eggs it's not Easter egg time.
cgv	I know it's the wrong time of year to look for Easter eggs maybe you could look for something else.
kid	for what.
cgv	let's think what could you look for.
kid	look for milk.
cgv	I doubt if there's any milk outside.
kid	no there is milk outside because cows have the milk.
cgv	oh yeah but I mean right out here.
kid	no I mean right across the street.
cgv	you'd have to look pretty hard to find a cow over there too.
kid	I mean by Tom Thumb guess what I want.
cgv	what.
kid	you guess for me I don't know guess for me Daddy.
cgv	a pretty rock.
kid	no.
cgv	a ice cream.
kid	no what else.
cgv	camping stuff.
kid	yep go to the store and get camping stuff.
cgv	we'll have to wait until it's your birthday or something.
kid	no I don't want camping stuff guess what I want.
cgv	I don't know you tell me.
kid	a saw.
cgv	you have a saw.
kid	a horsie.
cgv	we can't have a horse here.
kid	no a real horsie.
cgv	I know we can't have a real horse here.
kid	how come.
cgv	where would we put him.
kid	we would put him outside with a leash and he won't run away.
cgv	what would you do with a horse.
kid	I would ride it.
cgv	what else.
kid	not a cow.
cgv	not a cow what else would you do with a horse.
kid	and I would say giddyup horse and he would go whee:.
cgv	who would clean up the horse's mess.
kid	you.
cgv	no.
kid	Mommy and I would.
cgv	you would.
kid	Mommy and I would.
cgv	who would have to feed the horse.
kid	I would get some hay I will get some water and some hay and he will drink the water and he will eat the hay and I will get some straw and he will eat the straw.
cgv	he'll eat a saw.
kid	no straw I don't mean a saw I mean the straw like we put on the garden oh oh look look in those pepper shakers.
cgv	for what.
kid	for those things cows eat.
cgv	cows eat pepper.
kid	the stuff in pepper shakers no not that that right there.
cgv	salt.
kid	yeah.
cgv	oh they lick salt where did we see that.
kid	at a farm.
cgv	at Great_grandma's farm.
kid	yeah where's Great_grandma now.
cgv	she's still in Pennsylvania.
kid	(ex)cept where is Pennsylvania.
cgv	remember where we went last year.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	and Grandma and Grandpa were there too.
kid	yeah and Faith and Karen and I wanted to touch the cows.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	know what I want.
kid	guess what I want.
cgv	a boat.
kid	no it rhymes with d@l.
cgv	a tree.
kid	no a tree is a big thing and I want to bring it in the house and it rhymes with d@l and I want it to bring in the house guess again.
cgv	I'm thinking a bumblebee.
kid	no do bumblebees rhyme with d@l.
cgv	yeah listen bee d@l see they rhyme.
kid	okay then I want something to bring in the house and it's teeny tiny it's really teeny tiny.
cgv	a dog.
kid	does dog rhyme with d@l.
cgv	no but it starts with d@l.
kid	it's teeniest teeny something to catch frogs something to catch frogs that starts with d@l no it rhymes with d@l it's teeny tiny.
cgv	a fly.
kid	no frogs eat flies.
cgv	you tell me I have no idea.
kid	grabs.
cgv	grabs.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I don't know what that is.
kid	that's something to carry frogs when people catch frogs.
cgv	that doesn't rhyme with d@l.
kid	no it starts with d@l.
cgv	you told me it rhymed with d@l.
kid	don't cry grabs rhymes with d@l and starts with d@l.
cgv	no.
kid	they eat with d@l they're a cookie monster.
cgv	you're starting to get a little loony.
kid	no you're starting to get a little loony so tell me what I want.
cgv	no you tell me what I want.
kid	no I don't know you tell yourself what you want I want a chocolate milkshake with chocolate on.
cgv	I think we can get you one later.
kid	no I want to go to Tom Thumb and get a ice cream sandwich I want to do that when Mommy comes home okay.
cgv	we'll talk to Mommy and decide okay.
kid	okay this door's stuck it's not closed very good.
cgv	I think it should be open it's pretty hot in here.
kid	I think it's warm it's a little bit cold.
cgv	no it's not.
kid	then I'm gon (t)a shut it.
cgv	open the door please.
kid	how come.
cgv	because it's hot.
kid	how come you need to get a little suntan.
cgv	open the door it's really hot.
kid	I will bring you something.
cgv	thanks Abe you know how you can help me.
kid	what.
cgv	pick up all your stuff.
kid	(ex)cept I'm hungry.
cgv	I'll get you something to eat as soon as we're done sweeping.
kid	what else should I put away.
kid	what else should I put away.
cgv	whatever you don't want to be thrown away.
kid	huh.
cgv	whatever you don't want to be thrown away.
kid	I think my shovel is gon (t)a get broken again.
cgv	I hope not.
kid	how come.
cgv	because then you couldn't shovel.
kid	I don't want this to be thrown away.
cgv	put it up then.
kid	don't throw my car away don't throw my car away just throw the dust away.
cgv	okay.
kid	don't throw that egg carton away I'm getting hungry and hungrier what's this.
kid	what's this thing.
cgv	that's the microphone.
kid	how come you talk on this.
cgv	so that if I want to remember what we said I can listen to it okay.
cgv	because sometimes I forget.
kid	I forget sometimes too I wan(t) (t)a use the microphone too.
cgv	huh.
kid	I want to use your microphone too.
cgv	okay say whatever you want to say that you don't want to forget.
kid	Daddy do you want me to keep this for you.
cgv	I'll keep it because it's not really mine.
kid	how come you're gon (t)a keep it because it's not yours.
cgv	because I don't want it to get lost.
kid	are you gon (t)a fix me something to eat.
cgv	tell me what you want.
kid	I'm not sure yet.
cgv	milk.
kid	maybe chocolate milk.
cgv	drink this milk and then I'll get you some chocolate milk.
kid	don't throw my truck paint away.
cgv	I won't I like that it's got your name on it too.
kid	how come you see my name.
cgv	because it's right there what do you want to eat.
kid	I guess a sandwich with honey.
cgv	peanut butter and honey.
kid	no just honey.
cgv	okay.
kid	is this one you were going to throw away.
cgv	no I think we should keep that don't you.
kid	yeah so I could make a rug with this a big rug a really big rug (ex)cept a little rug this is how I'm gon (t)a make it I've got much than you do.
cgv	what.
kid	I got much milk than you do.
cgv	yeah I already drank mine who's gon (t)a be here in two weeks.
kid	Grandma and Karen and Grandpa.
cgv	who's older.
kid	than me.
cgv	yeah.
kid	Karen.
cgv	uhhuh who's older than Karen.
kid	you.
cgv	yeah.
kid	who's older than me.
cgv	than you.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	I'm older than you.
kid	who's smaller than me.
cgv	who.
kid	Lovey.
cgv	who's older than me.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	who's older.
cgv	me or Grandma.
kid	Grandma and you.
cgv	we're both the same age.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	who's older.
cgv	Grandpa Grandma Mommy or me.
kid	Grandpa.
cgv	why.
kid	I think you're like Grandpa when Karen comes here we will have a big kid and a three year old kid two kids.
cgv	how can you tell Karen's older than you.
kid	because she ate a lot of food know who's older than you and Grandpa and Grandma and Karen and me.
cgv	who.
kid	a giant.
cgv	if there was a baby giant would he be older than me.
kid	nope.
cgv	how come.
kid	because he's just this tiny.
cgv	oh what is he was as big as this house but he was just born yesterday and he was only one day old would he be older than us then.
kid	yeah.
cgv	how come.
kid	because he would have a knife you would throw your pocket+knife at the giant.
cgv	okay is that a good sandwich.
kid	yep (ex)cept who will be older than us and Karen and the lights and even Mickey Mouse.
cgv	I don't know who would be older than all that.
kid	something this big and it's gon (t)a be a meat+eater and it's gon (t)a have sharp teeth.
cgv	like a hawk.
kid	no it will have much more teeth than a hawk when you see a big big spider what will you say.
kid	if the big spider comes in here what will you say.
cgv	I'll say run run.
