participant	content
kid	tomorrow morning.
kid	tomorrow morning I will &m you want that sort of thing tomorrow morning I want tomorrow morning.
cgv	do you want tomorrow morning to come this morning so you can take a bath this morning.
kid	the Easter Bunny comes.
cgv	do you know when he's coming.
kid	yeah when.
cgv	April.
kid	in April.
cgv	yeah we have to wait for February and March and then April will come.
kid	watch this watch this.
cgv	are you balancing yourself.
kid	yeah.
cgv	are you a gymnastic.
cgv	a gymnast.
kid	I'm I'm gon (t)a be a a gymnast.
cgv	oh boy you sure are active this morning you must have eaten a good breakfast.
kid	my bacon still little bit left.
cgv	is any of it left.
kid	I don't think so.
cgv	I don't think so either.
cgv	I think Daddy ate it all.
kid	did you eat my bacon.
cgv	I ate my bacon.
cgv	do you want me to fix you more.
kid	no no Mom not any more please.
cgv	okay I won't.
kid	I thoughted thought] +ed-sup] you eated mine.
kid	I thoughted thought] +ed-sup] Daddy eat my bacon.
kid	can I have this my candy+bar.
cgv	just half of it you can have the other half in the afternoon.
cgv	is that your candy+bar.
kid	yeah.
cgv	here let me break it in half okay.
kid	no I wan(t) (t)a break it.
cgv	okay.
kid	okay I breaked@n it.
cgv	put half on the table so you can eat that half later.
kid	okay watch this.
cgv	what is that.
kid	it's a alligator eating just like a fish see.
cgv	oh I didn't know alligators liked candy+bars.
kid	yeah awoh some of the house is messy.
cgv	uhhuh we have to pick it up did you have a good time at the show.
kid	what.
cgv	when we went to the show last night.
kid	I guess so.
cgv	what did you like best about it.
kid	uh I liked one one from the beginning.
cgv	you liked it from the beginning.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what part did you like best.
kid	I liked the second show.
cgv	we saw that guy on tv last night he was playing a banjo.
kid	huh.
cgv	would you like to learn how to play a banjo.
kid	yeah I will.
cgv	what song would you sing.
kid	huh.
cgv	what song would you sing if you knew how to play the banjo.
kid	I guess I'd rather not sing.
cgv	oh you'd just play and not sing.
kid	yeah milk milkie Mom.
cgv	whatta what do] you say.
kid	please.
cgv	okay do you know what we need to do today.
kid	what.
cgv	get more milk.
kid	then put it in the (re)frigerator right.
kid	look it Momma this stayed open.
cgv	yeah.
kid	put the top back on Daddy how long your birthday will come.
cgv	mine.
kid	yeah.
cgv	in October.
kid	and after that Halloween will come right.
cgv	right but that's a long time away Abe.
kid	Mom here.
cgv	put it back in the fridge if you're through.
kid	okay I can't it's too hard you try to open it wait wait wait it still goes right there I want it to go right there okay.
cgv	where.
kid	right there.
cgv	okay that's fine.
kid	this is for this for big boys and daddies.
cgv	what.
cgv	sunglasses.
kid	yeah.
cgv	uhhuh sunglasses are for big boys and daddies and for big mommies.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a go swimming with you are my blue+jeans dry yet.
cgv	not yet.
kid	how come.
cgv	because they're still wet you'll have to wear your Winnie_the_Pooh pants one more time.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a do that one how (a)bout my striped pants.
cgv	they're still wet too say there's four gymnastic matches we can go to.
kid	huh.
cgv	there's four gymnastic matches we can go to would you like that.
kid	yeah let's go to that right now we can do it.
cgv	we have to wait for a couple more weeks.
kid	huh.
kid	how (a)bout taking some candy with us.
kid	we have ta get some peanut butter cups so we can eat them at the gymnastic place right.
cgv	I doubt that we should just go to watch the action.
kid	I'm gon (t)a take one candy+bar and then you and then I can share it with you and me and Daddy and you.
cgv	that sure would be nice Dad did you see all of these pictures Abe brought home from school.
cgv	no let me see.
kid	one is for me and one is for you and one is for Mommy.
cgv	I thought all of them were for me.
kid	no no I bringed one for me and one for you I bringed one for mine I bringed one for mine yeah that's for me.
cgv	did you make those.
kid	yeah I maked I maked these a long time and another one look it at what I founded found] +ed] Mom it says Abe Duncan Abe Duncan.
cgv	is that what it says.
kid	yeah.
cgv	who put that candy+bar in my chair.
kid	oh I did I'm sorry Dad.
cgv	that's okay don't worry about it.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a hang my picture up.
cgv	here let's put your candy+bar in here.
kid	okay okay I'm gon (t)a carry it because I wan(t) (t)a eat it later.
cgv	hey.
cgv	do you know what's gon (t)a happen then.
kid	what.
cgv	the heat from your hand's gon (t)a melt the chocolate and you're going to have nothing but a chocolate mess so I think we should put it in the refrigerator.
kid	okay when we get home can I eat it.
cgv	home from what.
kid	home trom from] gymnastics are we going now.
cgv	no Abe we won't be going until next weekend.
kid	how long we will go.
kid	no no no I decided we would go now I wan(t) (t)a go now do you wan(t) (t)a go too.
cgv	Abe there's not anything to go to here why don't we look at the pictures on this calendar.
kid	is that mine.
kid	is that mine.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a take that one to school with me.
cgv	if you did that then I wouldn't have anything to keep appointments on so I think that it's best if it stays here.
kid	no I wan(t) (t)a take it to school then in spring time I will.
cgv	okay you can take it to school in the spring okay.
kid	okay today I wan(t) (t)a wear my sunglasses.
cgv	do you think the sun's real bright today.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I'm so proud you actually put them on by yourself.
kid	see hey.
kid	hey.
kid	what happened.
kid	how long we will go at gymnastics.
cgv	next week we have ta wait for seven days.
kid	oh hey.
kid	I found seven I found seven I found seven I found seven I found seven.
cgv	a seven on the clock.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that's different from seven days.
cgv	yeah here put on your sunglasses and I'll take your picture.
kid	okay not yet don't take a picture now.
cgv	I'll wait until you tell me.
kid	okay.
cgv	say cheese.
kid	cheese how long you be through.
cgv	say cheese one more time.
kid	cheese.
cgv	okay.
kid	that was good I'll show you where seven is on the clock see.
kid	um um see.
kid	the seven and the little hand is pointing to seven and the big hand is pointing to number twelve that's seven.
cgv	that's seven o'clock.
cgv	that's right.
cgv	who taught you that.
kid	how long we will go.
kid	huh.
cgv	here let me show you on the calendar see here's today January twel(f)th we have to wait until January nineteenth so we have to wait one two three four five six seven days and then we'll go.
kid	no no no seven o'clock see we have ta go at seven.
cgv	it'll be at seven o'clock when we go but +....
kid	there there there there there there that's seven.
cgv	uhhuh that's seven o'clock alright.
cgv	Abe come here.
kid	why.
cgv	I wan(t) (t)a get your tummy.
kid	no no.
kid	I I'm busy right now because I'm I'm playing with my Mommy oh don't do that that's bad that hurts me.
cgv	0.
cgv	you liar that doesn't hurt and you know it.
kid	don't don't.
cgv	are you cold.
kid	no I'm getting warmed up.
cgv	oh.
kid	mm.
cgv	are you talking in your sleep.
kid	hi Mommy hi hi I'm gon (t)a hide Mommy hide my back okay.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a hide I wan(t) (t)a hide.
cgv	okay go ahead.
kid	okay let's hide I said +"/..
kid	+" hide.
cgv	well you know what.
cgv	this really isn't a very big robe there's not much room to hide in it.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a hide in there.
cgv	okay I can cover you up a little bit.
kid	hey hey hey hey where's that red book.
kid	where's that big red book.
cgv	what big red book.
kid	a big red book uh a big red book you got a big red book you got for me at school where is it.
kid	those it.
kid	those right up there.
kid	those right on top of there.
cgv	these.
kid	what.
cgv	are these the books you're talking about.
kid	yeah those those are mine where's the other one.
cgv	well open your eyes and look around.
kid	can you read these.
kid	I can't Mom can you come helps.
kid	come help.
cgv	here I'll help you.
kid	I I'm doing fine.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mom can you read these.
cgv	right now.
kid	yeah.
cgv	why don't we wait a few minutes.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a wait a few minutes.
cgv	who's this.
kid	Robin Hood did he have that.
kid	did he have that just like Robin Hood.
cgv	like Robin Hood we saw at the movie.
kid	yeah.
cgv	yeah what's he carrying.
kid	arrows.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	bunny rabbit uh Robin Hood has uh Robin Hood had a present because that bunny rabbit had a birthday right.
cgv	yeah what did he give him for his birthday.
kid	um um a arrow just like that Robin Hood fox.
cgv	uhhuh what else happened in the movie.
kid	uh uh I don't know I don't know Mom.
cgv	well what did you like best.
kid	I just liked the rhinos and the snake.
cgv	what did the rhinos do.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	you can't remember.
kid	hunhunh.
cgv	who is this.
kid	uh uh I don't know what is that bunny called.
cgv	Brer Rabbit.
kid	Brer Rabbit and what is they called.
cgv	that's Uncle Remus right.
kid	I think so what is he named.
cgv	I think that's David.
kid	oh can you uh turn the other page no we already did that we missed that let's do that one.
cgv	okay who's that.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	doesn't it look like a huge lion is talking to somebody.
kid	a mouse.
cgv	uhhuh what's he doing.
kid	I don't know we missed the turtle page what is that called.
cgv	remember the Tortoise and the Hare.
kid	yeah I wan(t) (t)a watch Sesame Street.
cgv	you do.
kid	yeah can you read this part.
cgv	which one.
kid	can you read this one.
cgv	okay you tell me about this one.
kid	okay um um Jack be nimble Jack be quick um Jack be jumped over a candle+stick.
cgv	what happened to him.
kid	he didn't burn his bottom.
cgv	he was too fast wasn't he.
kid	yeah did you cry when you getted that owie.
cgv	no but I felt like it it's a lot like your owie it hurt when I did it but it's better now who's this.
kid	that's a old woman who lived in a shoe her had so many children her didn't know what to do her her gave them some broth without any bread and then her mm them all soundly and sent them to bed.
cgv	right.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a do that one now.
cgv	okay.
kid	no you tell me that one.
cgv	okay.
cgv	Abe come here.
kid	no I wan(t) (t)a watch Mommy read.
cgv	oh come give me a hug.
kid	okay here I come +....
cgv	oh boy.
cgv	what a hug.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a get down I have ta go poo+poo.
cgv	Mommy's in there go ask her.
kid	Mommy do you mind I go poo+poo.
cgv	no go right ahead I'm just getting some Kleenex.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a run around.
cgv	go ahead.
kid	you say +"/..
kid	+" hey come give me a hug.
cgv	hey come give me a hug.
kid	here I go say say Dad say say +"/..
kid	+" you missed me.
cgv	you missed me.
kid	here I go Mom come in and play.
cgv	I have to get the clothes out of the washing machine first.
kid	Dad say +"/..
kid	+" give me a hug please.
cgv	give me a hug please.
kid	here I go.
cgv	wow what a nice hug hold on.
kid	hey that get me dizzy.
cgv	it did.
kid	yeah.
cgv	are you holding on.
cgv	I'm going to drop you on your head.
kid	I'm holding on I wan(t) (t)a do that I wan(t) (t)a do that again.
cgv	are you sure.
kid	yeah I'm sure.
cgv	okay.
kid	say +"/..
kid	+" Dad give me a hug please.
cgv	Dad give me a hug please.
kid	here I go don't drop.
cgv	I'm going to give you a hug.
kid	how come.
cgv	because I want you to carry me.
kid	I can't because you are too big you're too heavy get off.
kid	you have ta sit there as punishment.
cgv	what.
kid	I'm gon (t)a make you sit there as punishment.
cgv	why am I being punished.
kid	no no I was teasing.
cgv	oh.
kid	you better hide.
cgv	why.
kid	because somebody's coming here.
cgv	who's coming.
kid	I don't know hide me with this pillow.
cgv	can I hide with you.
kid	you are too big help me with these pillows so I can hide.
