participant	content
cgv	uhhuh count.
kid	Mommy I mean four sandwiches not four pieces.
cgv	Abe what do you want to drink.
kid	water Dad Mommy I meant four grilled cheeses Mommy I meant four whole ones.
cgv	eat that and I'll get you another one there's four there.
kid	uhuh I'm eating one one two three.
cgv	well there were four.
kid	no three.
cgv	there were four.
kid	I thought you said there is four there were four but now there are only three where did the other one go.
cgv	look in your left hand I bet Daddy can't guess what you ate when we went to the village today.
cgv	a turtle sundae.
kid	no ice cream Dad I spelled ice today on the way to Bridgeman's i@l c@l e@l.
cgv	can you spell cream.
kid	no.
cgv	c@l r@l e@l a@l m@l.
kid	Daddy here's your surprise.
cgv	thanks what a nice little rubber band.
cgv	did Shannon leave Abe.
kid	uhhuh now you don't get to talk to her.
cgv	uhhuh she's gone to Duluth.
kid	do you mean to where her Grandma lives.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mommy aren't ferry+boats fun to ride.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	too bad I didn't get to drive.
cgv	the ferry.
kid	uhhuh too bad it wasn't a kid ferry then I could have drived it.
cgv	yeah.
kid	Dad do you see my blue+jeans.
cgv	no.
kid	now do ya.
cgv	nope no.
kid	now do ya.
cgv	nope.
kid	now do ya.
cgv	yeah now I see em I have a good idea Abe we can go fishing tonight.
kid	I have a gooder idea Dad we could go fishing tonight and go to Bridgeman's after we go fishing.
cgv	that is a good idea Abe.
kid	Mom do you know someone had a heart attack on a on a train.
cgv	uhhuh then they call out +"/..
cgv	+" is there a doctor on the train.
cgv	who do you know that had a heart attack on a train.
kid	I've been on a train before.
cgv	when.
kid	I know about trains that's why.
cgv	you said you've been on trains before.
kid	I have right before I was born I said +"/..
kid	+" is this a train.
kid	+" I guess so.
kid	I remember that so I must have been on a train I couldn't see anything though because I was inside you I couldn't see nothing except you Mom.
cgv	what.
kid	will the baby come out the side one the middle one or the other side one.
cgv	what do you mean.
kid	the hole what hole.
cgv	out of the vagina.
kid	the sky Mom did you know Chris's balloon went higher than the roof.
cgv	did the wind blow it away.
kid	no it wasn't tied and it went up to the clouds.
cgv	I think you're telling a story.
kid	it did Momma there was a low low cloud.
cgv	oh.
cgv	what do you think would have happened if Chris would have hung on to it.
kid	it wouldn't go up then.
cgv	remember when Winnie the Pooh held on to his balloon.
kid	uhhuh it was big and he wasn't too I'm touching someone's shoe I'm touching someone's shoe I'm touching someone's shoe.
cgv	it's mine.
kid	Mom why don't we call the baby brick stone wall.
cgv	how would you like it if I called you Brett stone wall.
kid	brick.
cgv	oh brick stone wall.
kid	fine I would like it fine.
cgv	sometimes I think your head is made of bricks.
kid	when do you think that.
cgv	when you don't listen to me.
cgv	Mommy thought she was funny Abe see how she's giggling.
kid	is that true Mom.
cgv	yeah.
kid	you goose oh gosh your butt's caught on fire I have ta go poop I have ta go poop I have ta go poop.
cgv	well go.
kid	I don't know the way out.
cgv	climb under the table.
kid	okay.
cgv	you better hurry and come eat Abe.
kid	I'm hurrying I'm wiping my bottom.
cgv	what.
kid	I'm wiping my bottom.
cgv	oh okay.
cgv	did you tell Dad what you stepped in today.
kid	poop.
cgv	ugh.
kid	now I'm gon (t)a wipe my foot on you.
cgv	no.
kid	Mom that's dry dry.
cgv	don't touch it.
kid	well Mom see I had to touch it to push myself in and it was dry.
cgv	it's dry but it's still not completely dry and you could put indentations in it.
kid	well my bed's dry and I don't put indentations in it.
cgv	that's completely dry I just stained these two hours ago.
kid	with your new stain.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	in a few more weeks Winter will be here Mom.
cgv	not Winter Autumn.
kid	oh in a lot more weeks Winter will be here.
cgv	uhhuh hey look at this picture.
kid	Mom that's the smallest town in the world it's called small town about two or three chipmunks live there that's all.
cgv	no humans.
kid	no but a lot of the buildings are surrounded by mice.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah and the mice eat the fruit and things.
cgv	oh.
kid	soon the mice will eat everything and they won't have anything left to eat and then they will die.
cgv	they'll starve to death.
kid	uhhuh Dad are you coming back to eat.
cgv	yeah.
cgv	Abe how would you feel if we didn't go to Texas for Christmas.
kid	I would be sad.
cgv	why.
kid	because I like the people at Texas I hope we could go.
cgv	maybe we will.
kid	if we go to Texas how much days would we stay there.
cgv	not many a couple weeks at most.
kid	well would we stay for Christmas.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mom did you know Winter is the coldest time in the world.
cgv	it's the coldest time of the year.
kid	it's the coldest time of the world you know what I mean where eskimo's live.
cgv	oh it's cold there all the time huh.
kid	yeah Mommy I don't wan(t) (t)a eat the crust.
cgv	you should.
kid	I don't like it.
cgv	eat it Abe Dad you should see Abe karate@n he has good form.
kid	Mom what does form mean.
cgv	it means the way you move.
cgv	style.
cgv	style.
kid	oh Dad that rubber band can't stretch that far it will break.
cgv	naw.
kid	yes don't you will hurt yourself Mom what was that called.
cgv	a rubber band.
kid	that what I did with that rubber band one time when I put it around my finger.
cgv	oh cut off your circulation.
kid	yeah cut off your circulation Dad you might cut off your circulation.
cgv	oh I better not do it then.
kid	Mommy when are you going to get me in karate class.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	I'm not big enough yet.
cgv	you might be.
kid	I know the first thing what they do some of em what they do when we're through eating I'll show you.
