participant	content
cgv	then you'd be really warm those look like overalls don't they.
kid	these aren't overalls Mom why do they call them overalls.
kid	why do they call those pants overalls.
cgv	because they go over your other clothes.
kid	so do jackets so do snow+mobile suits.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mommy can I have gloves on.
cgv	uhuh I think gloves would be best your mittens are saturated.
kid	huh.
cgv	I think gloves would be best your mittens are saturated.
kid	huh.
cgv	I think gloves would be best your mittens are super wet push really hard now.
kid	they're already in.
cgv	are they in right.
kid	no I don't think so now it's already in this one won't fit it won't fit I wan(t) (t)a get my snow shovel a@l b@l c@l spell.
cgv	nothing that's the first three letters of the alphabet.
kid	and then d@l a@l b@l c@l d@l Mom why do I need to make so much clean sidewalks.
kid	where's my snow shovel.
kid	Mom you take this off this one is harder you take it off.
cgv	I'll help you.
kid	I think that snow got in here yep I knew that would happen.
cgv	what happened.
kid	yep it happened to the other one too both of my shoestrings froze.
cgv	sit down and I'll help you is Joey coming up.
kid	yes he said after dinner.
cgv	oh.
kid	hey Momma.
cgv	yeah.
kid	would you help me do this one part.
kid	would you help me get these off this one time.
cgv	yeah.
kid	Dad you didn't know what happened to my shoestrings you know what happened to the loops of my shoe strings.
kid	they turned to ice.
cgv	wow.
kid	can you go upstairs and get me some new clothes Mom.
cgv	you can go get em.
kid	I can't find everything.
cgv	I think you need a new pair of pants too these are wet hang em on your rack.
kid	okay can I put em in the bath+room.
cgv	put em on the bath+tub.
kid	I really liked Winterhawk did you like Winterhawk Dad.
cgv	uhhuh we saw it yesterday what are doing Abe.
kid	getting my clothes on.
cgv	oh Abe whatcha what you] doing.
kid	I'm getting my clothes on.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I can't get em all the way on.
cgv	I'll see if I can help you then.
kid	oh that's why.
cgv	are you okay.
kid	yeah.
cgv	are you just cold.
kid	my hands are cold you don't know what happened today.
cgv	I don't.
kid	Mom was baking some cookies and she got a towel and got it on the hot part that was glass and was hot and that makes it cook and the towel caught on fire.
cgv	what.
cgv	what happened then.
kid	she she got it off of the fire you should see where it caught on fire right close right close to Mom's hand Mom was going like this and the fire was this far away.
cgv	she should be more careful right.
kid	she was putting it in the wrong place.
cgv	she what.
kid	she was putting it in the wrong place.
cgv	oh.
cgv	Abe you're a little squealer.
kid	huh.
cgv	you're a little squealer.
kid	she ate a feather today too.
cgv	she what.
kid	she ate a feather.
cgv	she ate a feather.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what.
kid	you ate a feather.
cgv	why'd she do that.
kid	she said +"/..
kid	+" let me taste this.
kid	and she liked it.
cgv	what do you think would have happened if Mommy would have really eaten a feather.
kid	wow.
kid	she would have choked are feathers poisonous Daddy.
cgv	what.
kid	are feathers poisonous.
cgv	no.
kid	then she would have choked choke she would choke.
cgv	oh.
cgv	I would have had a feather in my throat and it would have tickled me and I'd have coughed and coughed and coughed.
kid	and threw up Dad what did you do today.
cgv	huh.
kid	what did you do today at school.
cgv	what did I do at school today.
cgv	let me see.
kid	Dad don't talk so loud.
cgv	I have to talk like this Abe my throat hurts.
kid	okay.
cgv	I got some stuff to bring home to give to Nat's Mom and Dad.
kid	to Nat's Mom and Dad.
cgv	yeah.
kid	what.
cgv	some sentences and stuff he's gon (t)a play a game for Mike.
cgv	is it Nat or Nate.
kid	Nat I never saw anybody named Nate just Nat Daddy make a song about a feather and I'll sing it.
cgv	are ya'll about ready to eat.
kid	no.
cgv	come on it's time to eat.
kid	Mommy know something that's icky.
cgv	what.
kid	I dropped some blueberry yogurt on here today and some blueberry stuff dried right here but some of it's still wet Mom get some hot chocolate.
cgv	I forgot to get it.
kid	no.
cgv	how (a)bout milk.
cgv	okay.
kid	sausage.
kid	thanks Momma Dad I forgot how you said how nice you liked that tea kettle.
cgv	I like it a lot.
kid	John and Amy have one but it's a old fashioned one.
cgv	how can you tell that it's old+fashioned.
kid	I mean it doesn't have any pictures and it's not painted.
cgv	oh.
cgv	it looks like something died on my plate.
kid	what.
cgv	my omelette when you and Joey get up tomorrow wake me up okay.
kid	why.
cgv	I don't want you to go outside or anything until I get up.
kid	oh I can go outside without waiting for you to wake up he'll get me up probably.
cgv	who will.
kid	you will.
cgv	I have to go to work tomorrow.
kid	I know Daddy will wake me up.
cgv	how's that sausage taste.
kid	better than the ones you got better than the ones that you got first.
cgv	you know what.
cgv	they're the same kind as the first ones.
kid	I know they are gooder but they you cooked em a little gooder.
cgv	oh do you think they might taste better because you're so hungry.
kid	probably.
cgv	I should go outside with you ever(y)day.
kid	why.
cgv	so I can get fresh air too.
kid	you mean each day I go out.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	because someday I might have a bad cold and I couldn't go out because I'd be sick in bed each day that I feel good I'm gon (t)a go out.
cgv	good idea.
kid	this day was a good day to play outside.
cgv	it sure was.
kid	I ate the sausage first Mom.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	what are you going to eat for breakfast tomorrow.
cgv	probably a hard+boiled egg.
kid	you can't see a crack here can you.
cgv	no.
kid	Mommy you know something.
kid	Mommy you know something.
kid	Mommy you know something.
kid	Mommy you know something.
cgv	what.
kid	is Joey's birthday after my birthday.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	is Karen's after mine.
kid	yeah Karen's birthday is after my birthday and after Christmas Dad what are you doing.
cgv	going outside for a minute.
kid	you're trying to worse your cold.
cgv	what.
kid	you're trying to worse@n your cold if you go outside you will worse@n your cold Joey went out in the rain when he had a cold and he worsed@n his cold and he was really sick.
cgv	I'll just be out for a minute.
kid	probably tonight Mom is gon (t)a be first.
cgv	first what.
kid	first to be finished.
cgv	I think so I only have two more bites.
kid	uhhuh one more Mommy in real life there were a hundred dinosaurs right.
cgv	I think there were more.
kid	fifteen.
kid	no that's less than a hundred isn't it.
kid	there were as much as people right.
cgv	as many dinosaurs as people.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I'm not sure.
kid	we could count em one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty hey Mom why is this stuck.
kid	why is this stuck Momma.
cgv	so.
kid	hey Mommy look.
cgv	a butterfly.
kid	a butterfly yeah Mom know what happened on the Flintstones.
cgv	what happened.
kid	once on the Flintstones a dinosaur swallowed a dog the dog was bouncing in the tummy and it went all the way down.
cgv	remember that whale that swallowed a beach ball.
kid	yeah why do you think that whale did.
cgv	he probably just opened up his mouth to get some food and the ball went in.
kid	how did it get in his neck.
cgv	it got stuck in his throat and the whale couldn't breathe.
kid	how did it get washed up on land.
cgv	when it died the waves just carried it to the shore.
kid	and a boat found him.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I had a funny dream last night all these armies they tried to shoot red coat and instead of red coat they shooted a cloud.
