participant	content
cgv	oh.
kid	that's how Indians live that's the good luck Indians have this is the South American good luck Indian.
cgv	that is.
kid	yeah I was thinking about this Indian's name.
cgv	what.
kid	that's the name that I think would be good for this Indian.
cgv	you can't say it twice the same way.
kid	I can you're right.
cgv	I like Thunder_wood.
kid	Thunder_laying_wood.
cgv	huh.
kid	Thunder_laying_wood.
cgv	what's wrong with just Thunder_wood.
kid	I like it to be that way.
cgv	Thunder_laying_wood.
kid	yeah.
cgv	or Thunder_lightening_wood.
kid	Thunder_light oh I'm getting confused about that name I like Thunder_lying_wood.
cgv	okay.
kid	+" I'm getting on the horse.
kid	you're supposed to bend his knees if he wants to ride the horse Daddy do you wan(t) (t)a to South America.
cgv	let's see.
kid	to South American and to New York that's it.
cgv	is he going to ride his horse that far.
kid	yeah he's going to ride the horse home and he's gon (t)a pick up everything with horsie and put it on the horsie everything that he dropped Daddy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	this is how much that he dropped.
cgv	he dropped a lot of stuff didn't he.
kid	that's how much he gotted@n on hisself he has to wear this all the way home +"/..
kid	+" giddyup horse.
kid	he gets confused the Indian gets confused because he said +"/..
kid	+" giddyup horse.
kid	like that Daddy.
cgv	yeah.
kid	can we go bowling tonight like we did tomorrow.
cgv	like we did yesterday.
kid	yeah yesterday can we.
cgv	not tonight I have to go to school tonight.
kid	when is you gon (t)a go tonight.
cgv	what.
kid	when are you going to your school tonight.
cgv	after Mommy comes home.
kid	oh.
cgv	do you wan(t) (t)a read this now.
kid	yeah I have read it before with Mommy.
cgv	do you still want to read it now.
kid	yeah.
cgv	whatcha what you] doing Abe.
kid	I'm playing what else do you think.
cgv	what kind of game is it.
kid	it's a storm game.
cgv	what kind of game is that.
kid	it's a real storm game I was just playing and then I was pretending there was a storm and each of the things flew off the man.
cgv	oh.
kid	and even there was that feather thing on Chop_wood I think it was better on the Indian.
cgv	the feather thing.
kid	it was round and gotted@n feathers on I'll show you what I mean right here.
cgv	that's a feather head+dress right.
kid	yeah they both landed next to each other (ex)cept the horse.
cgv	what would have happened to the Indian if the horse would have fell on top of him.
kid	I wouldn't know.
cgv	what would have happened then.
kid	I wouldn't know it.
cgv	what do you think would have happened.
kid	the Indian would say ouch ["] the horse is helping Chop_wood the horse is gon (t)a help the Indian too.
cgv	that sure is a nice horse.
kid	I know it the horse the horse is talking too do you know what.
cgv	what.
kid	why do you think the horse helped both of em up.
cgv	I don't know why.
cgv	Abe.
kid	yeah.
cgv	we have to take a shower this morning.
kid	good I never took a shower in a long time.
cgv	I know that's why you need to take one today.
kid	horse is sure a nice horse horse is sure a nice horse.
cgv	what else did you see at the store when you went to get the Indian.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	you don't know what else you saw.
kid	I saw a horse.
cgv	a real horse.
kid	no a horse like this (ex)cept the head could turn back and forth.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah really.
cgv	how much was that.
kid	I didn't know it wasn't in a box.
cgv	are you going to start saving up for another toy pretty soon.
kid	that horse.
cgv	you want that horse.
kid	yeah if I get too much money it fills up my piggy bank I'd get two things.
cgv	that would be a lot of money.
kid	yeah do we have any empty eggs cartons.
cgv	why.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a make a counting thing for the easter bunny do you still got that part that part of the counting thing at school.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	well what are you saving in it.
cgv	paper+clips and rubber+bands.
kid	it's a saver too it's two things it's a counter a saver that's two if I did one two and then another one it wouldn't be two.
cgv	what would it be then.
kid	three.
cgv	that's right is the horse you saw bigger than Expert.
kid	I don't know I didn't get it off because I saw it was glued on I missed you.
cgv	don't hit me.
kid	I missed you.
cgv	did the mailman come.
kid	not in that one maybe I'll see if it's outside no not yet he could be walking in those apartments now.
cgv	maybe.
kid	why did I forget.
kid	I think that feather part is under there it gots@n feathers and it gots@n a little band.
cgv	under where.
kid	under the pillows.
cgv	look for it then.
kid	the only thing I could see is a little bucket I'm pretending this is pretend water it's so small that I think the cover would fall off.
cgv	did you find it.
kid	yeah I'm glad are you.
cgv	I'm glad too.
kid	I'll get it.
kid	Daddy I guess it's something for me because it says Abe Abe.
cgv	do you want me to help you open it.
kid	I could do it myself okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	this gots@n to be nothing you do the rest.
cgv	okay.
kid	hey.
kid	they're little cutouts not cutouts I mean snowflakes do you think I'm the only one that got some mail.
cgv	looks like it.
kid	good because I think that you could look out the door and see if there's some more.
cgv	this is from Chris.
kid	to Abe.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Daddy I haven't opened all of em.
cgv	I know.
kid	there's a message.
cgv	what does it say.
kid	I don't know I couldn't read it.
cgv	I'll read it it says +"/..
cgv	+" to Abe from Chris.
kid	I guess he changed his mind because one time we were playing and I guess he gotted@n mad and then he gotted@n to be my friend again.
cgv	oh you're friends again.
kid	yeah friends could be still friends if they're mad.
cgv	that's right.
kid	+" I wish we haven't come here.
