participant	content
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	okay what's that.
kid	a car.
cgv	okay what's that.
kid	a boat.
cgv	do you like that boat.
kid	get another one okay.
cgv	okay sit down I want you to do some stuff for me okay.
kid	uhhuh mine okay.
cgv	okay just a second I want you to do something see what's that.
kid	a camel.
cgv	uhhuh a camel you like that camel don't you.
kid	a brown one.
cgv	okay look.
kid	that's a camel.
cgv	okay why don't you put the camel in the car.
cgv	that's right now the camel's in the car okay let me see the camel again okay now can you make the camel push the car.
cgv	right that's right the camel pushed the car Abe listen to me okay the wants the car to push the boat.
kid	the camel push the boat.
cgv	okay the camel pushed the boat.
kid	no I get it backwards.
cgv	uhhuh lets see how about this.
kid	how about this.
cgv	the camel wants the car to push the boat can you do that.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	okay go ahead and do it.
cgv	the camel pushes the boat huh.
cgv	okay I've got an idea do you know what this is.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	it's an alligator.
cgv	it's Albert from the funny papers.
kid	he's nice.
cgv	do you like him.
cgv	okay Abe Albert wants the camel to push the boat okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	the camel pushes the boat that's right.
cgv	okay do you know what.
cgv	the camel wants Albert to jump over the car the camel jumped over the car Abe who is this.
kid	alligator.
cgv	okay it's an alligator.
kid	he got black eye.
cgv	that's right he's got a black eye listen the alligator wants the camel to be near the boat okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	that's right the camel's near the boat he's right next to it.
cgv	he's really close to it the camel's near the boat okay how about this the alligator wants to be in front of the car.
kid	he got a black eye.
cgv	that's right he's got a black eye.
kid	see those toes.
cgv	uhhuh I see he's on the side of the car.
kid	I'm beside the car.
cgv	uhhuh you're beside the car and the alligator is beside the car.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	you know what.
cgv	the camel wants the alligator to ride in the boat.
kid	okay.
cgv	okay the camel's riding in the boat now look at this what's this.
cgv	do you know what it is.
kid	a donkey.
cgv	uhhuh it's a donkey okay why don't you put the boat in front of everything else.
kid	okay that's a alligator he got a cigar.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	see the alligator.
cgv	uhhuh okay now there's a car a boat and a camel right.
cgv	put the camel by the car.
cgv	right the camel's by the car now the camel wants to go to the boat okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	now the donkey wants to go to the car okay.
cgv	that's right the donkey went to the car now the donkey wants to go from the car to the boat.
kid	by the camel.
cgv	uhhuh that's good now the donkey's by the camel and they're both near the boat.
kid	a camel and a car.
cgv	right a camel and a car.
kid	put them right there.
cgv	okay you put the camel and the donkey on the other side of the car Abe now the camel wants to be with the alligator that's right now the camel's with the alligator now the donkey wants to be near the boat that's right now he's near the boat.
kid	he slipped.
cgv	he slipped and fell down but you fixed him.
kid	the alligator slipped too.
cgv	the alligator slipped alright you hit him on the head and he slipped.
kid	he slipped again get another one okay.
cgv	that's all the animals now the donkey wants to be in between the car and the boat can you do that.
cgv	that's right he's in between the boat and the car now the camel wants to be in the middle between the boat and the car okay Abe put the camel at the boat.
kid	he falled@n he falled@n again.
cgv	okay he fell but no he's at the boat now put him in front of the car.
kid	I do that.
cgv	okay you do that.
cgv	okay.
cgv	Abe now the animal told the alligator that he wanted to go byebye do that okay that's right the camel went byebye.
cgv	now the camel wants the alligator to kiss the donkey.
cgv	now the camel wants the alligator to ride in the boat that's right the alligator's riding in the boat do this okay the alligator was kissed by the camel.
kid	he kissed him.
cgv	who kissed him.
kid	the alligator kissed the camel.
cgv	oh he sure did okay how about this.
cgv	the car was pushed by the boat okay the car pushes the boat.
kid	he kissed me.
cgv	the camel kissed you.
kid	huh camel kissed me I like him.
cgv	Abe how about this.
cgv	the camel want the donkey to jump uhhuh the donkey jumped.
kid	he got yellow feet.
cgv	that's right the camel has yellow feet.
kid	and toes I don't wan(t) (t)a hurt him.
cgv	okay you don't have to hurt him Abe the alligator which the donkey kicked is crying tell me who's crying.
kid	alligator's crying.
cgv	how come the alligator's crying.
kid	he kicked alligator.
cgv	the donkey kicked the alligator and made him cry.
kid	uhhuh alligator wan(t) (t)a ride in boat.
cgv	okay he can ride in the boat if he wants to.
kid	we playing a game like to play a game.
kid	like to play a game.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a pencil okay I wan(t) (t)a pencil.
cgv	okay here's a pencil.
kid	a red one.
cgv	are you going to draw.
kid	uhhuh wan(t) (t)a another one.
cgv	okay here's a green pen what are you going to draw.
kid	a surprise I wan(t) (t)a make a book with monsters don't do that.
