participant	content
cgv	a war movie.
kid	uhhuh (ex)cept they didn't have any guns in it.
cgv	no guns.
kid	they had a bunch of men and kids and the kid was fishing and and one of his cans of worms fell in fell right in the part where the round part.
cgv	what round part.
kid	you know the round part where they dig.
cgv	a mine.
cgv	oh.
kid	(ex)cept the kid fell into the hole and they had a bomb.
cgv	wow.
kid	Dad where is my milk.
cgv	do you want some.
kid	or water.
cgv	I'll get you some milk.
kid	I'll have water.
cgv	okay.
kid	I keep teasing you Daddy.
cgv	what do you want.
kid	water (ex)cept make sure that it's really cold.
cgv	okay.
kid	thanks I just wanted to get my mouth clean.
cgv	where are you going.
kid	I'm going upstairs.
cgv	are you through telling me about the movie.
kid	yeah we didn't watch all of it.
cgv	oh well what do you think happened.
kid	some guys rescued the boy.
cgv	be careful.
kid	I am Daddy look hey Daddy do you want to play this with me.
cgv	yeah will you tell me how to play.
kid	somebody has to be the dragon if you want to you could be the dragon maybe we both could be too.
cgv	what would happen if nobody was the dragon.
kid	we'll have to move it ourselves.
cgv	move what.
kid	the dragon we forgot the cannon here's the cannon (ex)cept this should be outside (ex)cept the cannon should be right here this is the boat that belongs with it the cape belongs to the knight you could be a dragon and a man.
cgv	a dragon and a man.
kid	uhhuh you could be a cowboy or a king okay.
kid	(ex)cept the dragon can't even kill the knight.
cgv	how come.
kid	the knight gots@n shiny armored.
cgv	what would happen if the knight didn't have shiny armor.
kid	he'll he'll get killed by the dragon maybe you could be two men and I'll be two men okay.
cgv	I don't see any men.
kid	in here.
cgv	oh.
kid	I'll better get all these out I'll be Robin Hood.
cgv	okay.
kid	okay all of those are in here too.
cgv	they go in there.
kid	uhhuh the dragon kills people.
cgv	why isn't he a nice dragon.
kid	because he can't bite [=! laughs] the knight gotted@n the dragon the knight gots@n a cape on I got the dragon I got the dragon the first night the dragon missed the knight oh boy don't do it so fast Daddy you just have to walk and and if something chases you then you have to run oh see the beds are right here Daddy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	so you have to move the beds the chairs are right here and there's another chair we better move this right here let's go.
cgv	the dragon ate the knight.
kid	where.
cgv	he ate him.
kid	I know he's in here not in here where is the knight.
kid	where is the knight.
kid	where is the knight.
cgv	here I was teasing you.
kid	he lost his cape now he can't fly anymore his power is all gone.
cgv	is his cape his power.
kid	uhhuh his horse could fly too see.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	you could be the cowboy and and the other man.
cgv	okay how come knights and dragons fight all the time.
kid	because they are wicked.
cgv	the knight's wicked.
kid	yep the knight's wicked you're so silly you could be him and him okay.
cgv	who.
kid	him and him okay.
kid	(ex)cept pretend that I left the horses here okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	(ex)cept you can't be the dragon okay.
kid	you could be him and him you could be this guy this guy too and you have to be two men okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	they're both wrecking that boy is mean to the mother +"/..
kid	+" lock her in here.
kid	+" okay.
kid	I'm going to get you all of these are wicked right.
cgv	not really.
kid	yeah (ex)cept look how much are in here.
cgv	in where.
kid	in the dragon.
cgv	quite a few huh.
kid	yep (ex)cept pretend it's nighttime okay.
kid	and and all of the guys have to go to sleep.
cgv	that's a good idea.
kid	all of em escaped Daddy it's morning now it's morning pretend it's morning.
cgv	okay.
cgv	Abe you know what.
kid	what.
cgv	that's the king.
kid	Mommy I was just playing.
cgv	Abe what's wrong.
kid	Mommy hurt my feelings.
cgv	come here.
kid	I can't.
cgv	we'll see a castle in a movie later on today.
kid	I knew that I knew that I knew that.
cgv	guess what'll be on tv when we come home.
kid	what.
kid	what.
cgv	come here and I'll tell you what do you think.
kid	Flintstones I guess.
cgv	Tarzan.
kid	oh now could I go in here again.
cgv	no.
cgv	Abe what would happen if chairs were people.
kid	people would be chairs.
cgv	what would chairs do.
kid	chairs will sit on people.
cgv	do you think so.
kid	yeah Daddy do you want to see something really nice.
cgv	do I have a choice.
kid	that was nice now I can go back in my hiding place.
cgv	if you want to hide hide in the kitchen.
kid	I can't hide in the kitchen there's no couch in the kitchen.
