participant	content
kid	why.
cgv	come here and I'll tell you.
kid	why are you going.
kid	why are you going.
cgv	I'm not going I'm staying.
cgv	hey there's a bird at our feeder.
kid	he's on the tree I see him I wan(t) (t)a go out and play.
cgv	you'll have to put a jacket on it's cold.
kid	my cowboy jacket.
cgv	no you have to wear your blue jacket.
kid	then I won't go out.
cgv	okay why don't you go out and feel how cold it is and then come back and tell me.
kid	it's gon (t)a be warm by the time I get there I goed@n out and it was pretty warm Daddy it was pretty warm out there.
cgv	are you sure.
kid	I felt it and it was warm.
cgv	if you wan(t) (t)a go put your blue jacket on okay.
kid	we could play cards and show Mommy how we played cards when she was at work.
cgv	would you like to do that.
kid	yeah get your cards I'm gon (t)a get my cards Daddy get your cards and I will get my cards.
cgv	I think Mommy's going to school you better ask her.
kid	Mommy are you gon (t)a go to school.
cgv	not for about two minutes.
cgv	where are your cards at Abe.
kid	it's in my desk.
cgv	oh.
kid	see.
kid	see Dad.
kid	Mommy watch me okay.
kid	watch how we play cards okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy you uh I was playing with mine and then and then when it was time to go put the garbage into the garbage can I I crossed the street after Daddy.
cgv	you did.
kid	yeah.
cgv	did you use your flashlight to see where you were going.
kid	no.
cgv	did you carry some garbage out by yourself.
kid	I did the little trash+can.
cgv	oh could you reach the dumpster.
kid	no I tried (ex)cept I didn't Daddy help me get my cards out.
cgv	just a second.
kid	Mommy watch you're missing.
cgv	Ann.
cgv	oh I'm watching that's neat.
kid	don't mess up my cards.
cgv	I'm not.
cgv	how can you tell the difference between your cards and Daddy's cards.
kid	because mine cards are red and on some of em they have this see.
cgv	yeah.
kid	and and later on when you were at work so early I saw a toy on one of my cards.
cgv	a toy.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what kind of toy.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	was Mommy at work early.
kid	yeah.
cgv	or late.
kid	yeah.
cgv	which one.
kid	late.
cgv	yeah late last night it was the joker.
kid	what is a joker.
cgv	it was the card you saw that you liked so much.
kid	next time I see it awoh I almost got your cards.
cgv	uhhuh.
cgv	that looks like a fun game.
kid	stay late okay.
cgv	stay here late.
kid	no stay at your school late.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I like it that way.
cgv	do you get tired of seeing me around the house.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay just for that I'll stay late.
kid	so we could play cards.
cgv	we could play cards while Mommy was here.
kid	oh you could stay here or not Mom Daddy what are you gon (t)a do.
cgv	I'm just gon (t)a sit up here for a minute.
kid	Daddy this card is bent.
cgv	go ahead and straighten it.
kid	I can't straighten it tape it.
cgv	I don't think we need to tape it.
kid	it's not okay like it is it's not okay if it is tape it.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy play cards still.
cgv	you are.
kid	you play cards with me Mommy I found the toy.
cgv	let me look at it.
kid	Daddy I found the toy.
cgv	good deal Abe.
kid	are you through playing cards or not.
cgv	I'm gon (t)a come down and sit with you.
kid	and play cards.
cgv	maybe later.
kid	you play cards now.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mommy I knowed when to bring my flashlight home.
cgv	good I'm glad you didn't forget.
kid	goodbye Mom.
cgv	goodbye.
kid	I don't see her.
cgv	I think she's going to take her bike.
kid	maybe she isn't I see her coming [=! yells] bye Mom have a good time hey don't take my locker what did you say.
kid	I'm coming I'm already here did you mess up my cards.
cgv	nope.
kid	I thought I saw one of mine.
cgv	what.
kid	I thought I saw one of mine.
cgv	one of em what.
kid	one of my cards.
cgv	you thought you saw em do what.
kid	I didn't see anything do what I'm playing with my cards I'm messing up your cards.
cgv	you better stop.
kid	I'm messing up.
cgv	hey.
kid	I'm making a railroad track.
cgv	well make it go the other way.
kid	why.
kid	I like it going this way.
cgv	do you want me to quit playing.
kid	you could play.
cgv	okay then stop messing up my cards.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go it this way or this way I'm gon (t)a have them go this way okay.
kid	my cards aren't really flat look some of my trucks are I'll show you.
cgv	some of your trucks are what.
kid	flat see.
kid	like this one could go through your cards see.
cgv	okay I think it's time to pick up your cards.
kid	I'm still playing with them.
cgv	okay.
kid	is that all you're gon (t)a do.
cgv	yeah I'm done playing.
kid	I'm going this way I'm making a bridge hey.
kid	I'm going this way you better not wreck them.
cgv	I'm not I can be a tunnel.
kid	(ex)cept I can't see I can't see what I'm doing put your legs flat okay.
cgv	like this.
kid	no bend them bend your other leg and then put em together.
cgv	oh.
kid	like this hey the light is burned off the light bulb is burned off.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah.
cgv	maybe we can fix it.
kid	I have another battery we could Daddy I bought two batteries home.
cgv	Abe I don't think it's the battery it's probably the light bulb.
kid	see I got two.
cgv	hey it works see.
kid	I thoughted thought] +ed-sup] it was busted Daddy.
kid	I can't see you.
kid	I got two.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go play in the hallway to play with someone.
cgv	how come.
kid	because.
cgv	come pick up your cards first.
kid	I'm gon (t)a wait until Mommy gets home from school then I will pick them up.
cgv	no pick em up now.
kid	Daddy are you gon (t)a help me.
cgv	I'll push these down to you.
kid	(ex)cept how long will it take to pick up it.
kid	it takes a long time because I have so many cards help me.
cgv	okay.
kid	hurry Dad.
cgv	okay.
kid	hurry.
cgv	okay.
kid	I could pick up the ones I need to pick up and you pick up that pile.
cgv	okay.
kid	I'm picking up mine because I want you to be happy.
cgv	oh well pick up your cards and I'll be really happy.
kid	I don't think it could fit in.
cgv	let me see.
kid	it's stuck see.
kid	I told you it was gon (t)a be stuck.
cgv	here put these up.
kid	they're mine they're mine they're mine they're mine they're mine they're mine they're mine I'm gon (t)a put them in my suitcase you dingaling dingaling that what's the witch says to her goose she says dingaling to her goose.
cgv	where are you going.
kid	I'm gon (t)a go out and play in the hallway that's where I'm gon (t)a go.
cgv	leave the door open.
kid	why.
cgv	(be)cause I wan(t) (t)a know what you're doing.
kid	can I see if Sherry wants to come out and play.
cgv	no she's gon (t)a come up here and play with you in a little while okay.
kid	boy she is really a magnificent girl.
cgv	she is.
kid	(ex)cept she's not to me.
cgv	come here.
kid	what.
cgv	do you like her.
kid	yeah sometimes she's not.
cgv	not what.
kid	not friendly sometimes she's friendly and sometimes she's not friendly she kabongs@c me in the tummy she kabongs@c me in the tummy who says that.
cgv	who says what.
kid	who says you.
kid	mmm.
cgv	shut the door if you're done playing in the hall.
kid	I will se(e) if there is a spider or a magnificent goose a magnificent goose a magnificent goose a magnificent goose I see dogs eat frogs.
cgv	dogs eat what.
kid	frogs.
cgv	how come.
kid	because cats eat frogs too.
cgv	oh hey do you want to still make a airplane.
kid	yeah a airplane with wings that go that go like this.
cgv	wings that go up in the air.
kid	wings like this see.
kid	no no no not like this airplane this one is like this.
cgv	is that one still working.
kid	it's busted up.
cgv	let me try and make one like you want.
kid	you should staple it.
cgv	what happened at school today.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	how come you don't know.
kid	because nothing happened at school.
cgv	nothing at all.
kid	no.
cgv	how boring.
kid	what does boring mean.
cgv	it means that's how it is when nothing happens.
kid	what happened to your class.
kid	what happened.
kid	nothing happened.
cgv	let's see what happened today.
kid	I bet nothing happened.
cgv	you're right.
kid	nothin(g) happened (ex)cept a fly came into our house a fly came into our house it was so tiny.
cgv	why do you think it flew away.
kid	because it was so fast I couldn't hear it.
cgv	so fast you couldn't hear it.
kid	yeah he had a real loud voice a real loud voice.
cgv	if he had a loud voice why couldn't you hear him.
kid	because he was so loud.
cgv	he was too loud.
kid	yeah he was too loud.
cgv	what does that mean.
kid	that means I can't hear that bug is that the airplane I wanted you to make.
cgv	I think so isn't it.
kid	no I wanted it like this.
cgv	well let's see if this works.
kid	I worked I worked I worked I worked tape it some more Daddy I unstapled it.
cgv	you unstapled it.
kid	yeah and now it's unstapled and it's gon (t)a be stapled.
kid	it's stapled Daddy.
kid	it's just for you a real nice ring I got it from school for you.
cgv	thanks it's a really nice ring.
kid	it's a funny kind of ring though it gets on fire every time it's a magic ring put it on.
cgv	let's try this airplane.
kid	that's a funny kind of airplane can I sit on your chair and throw it.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy I made this one for you.
cgv	thanks is this how you throw it.
kid	it's a really funny airplane no that's not how you do it do it like this like this.
cgv	okay.
kid	can I sit on your chair.
cgv	sure.
kid	and you could sit on on your chair.
cgv	where.
kid	here I'll make room for you fly your airplane okay.
kid	fly your airplane.
cgv	okay.
kid	what is that.
kid	what is that for.
cgv	nothing it's just some junk watch this airplane.
kid	can I do it.
cgv	sure.
kid	can I fly my airplane.
kid	it's a real funny airplane I never seen a airplane like that.
cgv	I never have either I think that's why it doesn't work.
kid	Daddy I throwed it and it worked Daddy watch this.
