participant	content
cgv	yeah.
kid	Mom I think it's Elsa Mommy I didn't get a fork at all.
cgv	I'm getting you one.
kid	Mom is it Elsa or something.
cgv	yeah that's the name.
kid	we all forgotten the name didn't we.
cgv	huh.
kid	we all forgotten the name right.
cgv	I forgot it yep.
kid	she could have been shotten@n by the hunter right.
cgv	huh.
kid	Elsa could have been shotten@n by the hunter right.
cgv	uhhuh she was lucky.
kid	I I didn't want tea Mommy Dad why did you say a different name.
cgv	I said +"/..
cgv	+" Born Free.
cgv	that's the name of the show Elsa is the name of the lion.
kid	well what channel.
kid	what channel Dad.
cgv	I'll look and see.
kid	Dad were any of your friends there.
cgv	Brian was there Mike was there.
kid	oh.
cgv	did you see all your friends outside.
kid	I didn't see Chris.
cgv	know why.
kid	why.
cgv	he's on vacation so is Tanya.
kid	Mommy did you know something.
kid	I thought Lisa was Tanya.
cgv	did you see Lisa.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah.
cgv	the Lisa that we knew a long long time ago.
kid	no Joey's Lisa.
cgv	oh I would have shit if they would have moved over here.
kid	Mommy what does shit ["] mean.
cgv	I would have been surprised if Lisa would have moved over here.
kid	what if she moved over here by herself.
cgv	she's not old enough.
kid	how do you know how do you know if she's not big enough.
cgv	because she's just in the first grade.
kid	Mom do we got any more Tang.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mommy did you know that some Indians if they wanted spaghetti they cooked newborned@n green grass.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah my toe is still hurting.
cgv	it is.
kid	yeah it's been hurting all morning.
cgv	let me kiss it.
kid	no I want a bandaid.
cgv	it's not bleeding Abe.
kid	Mom look at that long spaghetti Mom look I'm not kidding.
cgv	I see it.
kid	Mom are some spaghettis real short.
cgv	if you break them.
kid	are most spaghettis real long.
cgv	if you don't break them they stay long.
kid	Mommy I got a shorter one now but it's still long.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mom this is the longest spaghetti in the world Mom this is the longest spaghetti in the world and this is the longest shortest.
cgv	it's medium sized.
kid	the one that's to the bread is the longest spaghetti in the world.
cgv	uhhuh just eat it now okay.
kid	Mommy are you gon (t)a eat the sauce.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	are you gon (t)a eat all the sauce.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mom guess how I knew you were making spaghetti.
cgv	how.
kid	I thought you were making spaghetti tomorrow for dinner.
cgv	tonight.
kid	yeah tonight Mom I'm sad that we're not in Texas.
cgv	aren't you sort of happy to be back in Minnesota.
kid	no I'm angry at Minnesota Mom I'm hot really hot.
cgv	I'll turn the fan on you there how's that.
kid	good I'm getting colder off already.
cgv	good do you want some bread and butter.
kid	no thanks I'm stuffed Mommy I was thinking we should water our garden.
cgv	we will Abe can you open up that door.
kid	which door.
cgv	that door that started to close.
kid	Mommy.
kid	Mom there's a vine even touching the ground with a tomato on.
cgv	oh.
kid	I think I do need a shirt on.
cgv	okay.
kid	but not a real tight one.
cgv	how about your armadillo one.
kid	no that's a real too tight one.
cgv	what are you going to put on then.
kid	probably that brown one.
cgv	well go upstairs and get it.
kid	I don't know where it is I don't even know where the shirt drawer is.
cgv	I'll come and help you.
kid	Dad did you know I picked a tomato.
kid	it was real red and not rotten at all.
cgv	wow.
cgv	did you see this picture of Keith Karen and all of us at the beach.
kid	yeah why are all the parents lying down.
cgv	they're not all parents they're adults Keith and Karen don't have any children so they're not parents they're adults do you want to watch the movie or go outside and play.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a watch that movie.
cgv	okay let's turn it on then it's on now.
kid	Dad do you mean it's just starting.
cgv	it's just started a couple seconds ago.
kid	oh did we miss part of it.
cgv	just a little.
kid	Dad did you open this.
cgv	it's yours.
kid	did you open it.
cgv	no.
kid	is that the show Dad.
cgv	yeah.
kid	Dad can you straighten out.
cgv	okay.
kid	Dad what is that.
cgv	a thumb+tack.
kid	oh where can I put it.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	Dad I thought that this was Elsa but is it.
cgv	whatta what do] you think.
kid	I don't think so it doesn't have the house do you think it has the natives and all the stuff it had.
kid	Elsa had a house is it over or is it starting.
cgv	it's just starting.
kid	rhinoceros.
cgv	what.
kid	rhinoceros.
cgv	if rhinoceros is one what is two.
kid	rhinoceros.
cgv	is that one or two.
kid	a lot how would you like to be eaten up.
cgv	I wouldn't like it how would you like it.
cgv	do you think this show is about Elsa.
kid	do you think so.
cgv	yep.
kid	so do I but that women doesn't have the voice.
cgv	it's a different woman the other show was a tv series and this is the movie so they have different women.
kid	and they have different voices.
cgv	right.
kid	what do you think they're hunting for Dad.
cgv	a lion didn't you hear.
kid	yeah a man+eating lion how do you think they could hunt for him if it's a man+eater.
cgv	they're gon (t)a shoot him.
