participant	content
kid	the bears had ice all around (ex)cept (ex)cept it wasn't solid it was soft.
cgv	it was a thin coating on the water.
kid	yeah hey.
kid	look.
cgv	what a nice surprise.
kid	I didn't know that this is a good shield Dad.
cgv	thanks Abe what else happened at the zoo.
kid	what.
cgv	what else happened at the zoo.
kid	you know the conservatory know what.
cgv	the what.
kid	it had beautiful flowers.
cgv	oh at the conservatory.
kid	yeah and know what.
kid	at the conservatory they got a beautiful beautiful beautiful flower show.
cgv	wow did you like it.
kid	yeah so you should go see it with us next time.
cgv	Abe what would you like for lunch.
kid	how (a)bout toast.
cgv	do you want some carrot.
kid	no how (a)bout toast.
kid	how (a)bout just toast with honey.
cgv	you had that for breakfast.
kid	well I want some more toast hey is this a star.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	boy you're a good star maker.
cgv	tell Daddy who we saw at the zoo as we were leaving.
kid	some girls.
cgv	who were they.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	you do too remember.
kid	yeah when we were leaving it was Leslie and Jean.
cgv	were they at the zoo.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	they came by to see if you wanted to go to the park.
kid	which park were they talking about.
cgv	I think Como Park.
kid	oh look look Dad look Daddy.
cgv	yeah you got him to stand up.
kid	yeah by himself.
cgv	yeah.
kid	if somebody pushed him he would get angry and push him down and then he would walk on the guy and he would say +"/..
kid	+" leave me alone.
cgv	what do people use shields for.
kid	what.
cgv	what do people use shields for.
kid	I'll tell you okay if if they get if uh Mommy I'm gon (t)a tell Daddy what they use shields for.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy if if they don't wan(t) (t)a get killed then they say +"/..
kid	+" let's use shields.
kid	so they will so that's what they use shields for.
cgv	so they won't get killed.
kid	yeah they use swords for so they won't get killed either.
cgv	oh.
cgv	do you want a grilled peanut butter and cheese and honey.
kid	yeah.
cgv	you do.
kid	yeah watch if if somebody was trying to kill him he would get his sword and point it at em and scare em.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah Daddy watch see.
kid	if I move this it will break too.
cgv	we might have to make another sword for him.
kid	I know we should make him a thin sword it could go from right here right here it needs to fit in his fingers.
cgv	let me see what's that guy's name.
kid	he's called +"/..
kid	+" the mean guy.
cgv	the mean guy.
kid	yeah he's meaner than Robin Hood.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah he's mean as Robin Hood Dad.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I can't put this back on him.
cgv	okay let me see.
kid	is that what you're gon (t)a do.
cgv	what.
kid	was that what you were gon (t)a do.
cgv	yeah what do you think about it.
kid	fine (ex)cept you have to squeeze that together and tape it.
cgv	I know.
kid	tape it so hard you don't know how much tape you need to tape you need much.
cgv	how much.
kid	a hundred pieces.
cgv	oh I think that might be overdoing it a bit.
kid	what are you doing Dad.
cgv	I thought you didn't want this sword anymore so I'm taking it apart.
kid	well aren't we gon (t)a make a different one with it.
cgv	yeah.
kid	then why did you break it.
cgv	it was already broken Abe.
kid	he doesn't got a spear he gots@n a shield so he won't get killed.
cgv	do you want to make him a spear instead of a sword.
kid	yeah (ex)cept (ex)cept let's save the sword for something.
cgv	okay.
kid	did you throw the it away.
cgv	no see.
kid	did you throw the little part away.
cgv	the what.
kid	did you throw the little part away.
kid	no.
kid	what did you what did you throw away.
cgv	part of the scotch tape.
kid	this is a really nice shield Daddy made.
cgv	I know do you like it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	this looks good.
kid	what looks good.
cgv	this.
kid	what are you trying to cut off of your pen.
cgv	I'm making a spear.
kid	okay for my guy.
cgv	yep.
kid	do you like your pen much better.
cgv	better than what.
kid	do you love your pen or do you hate your pen.
cgv	neither one.
kid	make my guy stand up next to me okay.
cgv	I'll try how's this.
kid	fine thanks Mommy I'm gon (t)a do something.
cgv	what are you going to do.
kid	I thought a dinosaur was knocked down one did fall down all of the dinosaurs are the guys friend.
cgv	good I bet they cooperate with one another.
kid	yeah (ex)cept rattlesnake is the very best friend.
cgv	what do they do together.
kid	they fight with the guy they fight mean animals with the guy know what.
kid	they're not trying to escape they're hiding.
cgv	do you want a bite of this.
kid	no I don't like it I don't like carrot soup carrot soup.
kid	weird.
cgv	what do you like.
kid	I like everything you fix for me.
cgv	good here I fixed you some carrot soup.
kid	no I don't mean carrot soup I don't like it did you know what I fixed for myself.
cgv	what.
kid	I fixed you for myself.
cgv	for lunch.
kid	uhhuh I couldn't fix you you're a people I tricked you do you know why some of the dinosaurs mouths are open.
cgv	why.
kid	because they want to eat something (ex)cept the man's gon (t)a come with em he hunts so good do you want to see how far he can throw it.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	that's how far he can throw it do you know one time they were hunting they found a hippopotamus that was this big.
cgv	what did they do.
kid	they tried to shoot it with the spear you know what.
kid	the dinosaurs helped him to get it.
cgv	do you know what they could do.
kid	what.
cgv	learn how to plant their own gardens.
kid	well they didn't plant it anymore they didn't know how.
cgv	aren't they smart dinosaurs.
kid	yeah all of em are smart dinosaurs (ex)cept they like to eat meat so they can't plant a garden they like to eat meat because because it's good to em.
cgv	do you want to tell Daddy all the rules about fires.
cgv	tell me.
kid	you think em out yourself okay.
kid	Dad you think em out yourself.
cgv	huh.
kid	I told Daddy to think em out himself did you know em now.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	then tell him okay.
cgv	I'll tell him later.
cgv	Abe watch this penny do you see it anywhere.
cgv	if you see it you can have it do you see it.
kid	no don't do it so quick.
cgv	it's disappeared is it in your nose.
cgv	yep how did it get in your nose.
kid	can I have it.
cgv	sure.
kid	Mommy look.
cgv	wow it's balanced on the table did you do that.
kid	yeah what's wrong Daddy.
kid	why are you so sad.
cgv	I'm not sad I'm just thinking.
kid	look my penny's not falling off watch wasn't that magic.
kid	I hit this and it didn't fall off.
cgv	pretty good.
kid	see.
kid	it's stuck wasn't that weird.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	what's this.
cgv	part of your sandwich.
kid	what why do you think his sword is pointing that way.
cgv	probably because he wants to be ready.
kid	what if that way he can't get any animals.
cgv	I'll change it how (a)bout this.
kid	okay then he can't get any animals either.
cgv	well maybe he won't need to.
kid	sometimes when people say charge ["] people who have spears hit people in the nose who say +"/..
kid	+" charge.
cgv	why do they do that.
kid	because hey I'm not sure if this guy can stand up can you fix him.
cgv	okay.
cgv	would you like jello salad on Thanksgiving.
kid	I hate jello salad.
cgv	you just told me you like anything I fix you to eat.
kid	well I don't like anything besides soup or jello salad.
