participant	content
cgv	what else.
kid	make something.
cgv	what something.
kid	some more rattlesnakes see that big line.
cgv	huh.
kid	if you see a big line then you know what.
cgv	what.
kid	then you know it's a cactus.
cgv	oh.
kid	anyway this is a surprise for you.
cgv	for me.
kid	yeah.
cgv	would you put it on the couch for me.
kid	yeah after I put this up you already know what this is (ex)cept know what Momma.
kid	that wasn't your surprise Momma know whose that surprise was.
kid	for Daddy.
cgv	good Abe.
kid	even Daddy already knew hey Mommy can I write my name on this.
cgv	sure.
cgv	Abe I have a question for you.
kid	Daddy I was trying to write my name.
cgv	I know.
kid	can you help me.
cgv	why don't you write it on this.
kid	okay and on these two boxes.
cgv	okay listen to this question okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	what if all vegetables were onions and all animals were cats.
cgv	what would it be like then.
kid	a canoe because if they had that much you could have a canoe head.
cgv	that was a hard question wasn't it.
kid	yeah some questions are hard and some questions are easy.
cgv	uhhuh what's this Abe.
kid	what's that.
kid	Mommy what is it.
kid	it's hard to tell.
cgv	an antelope.
kid	no no no it's a mountain antelope you better not step on those.
cgv	did you see those when we went to the zoo in Texas.
kid	no I saw them before when I was a baby just a little baby.
cgv	how old were you then.
kid	that much.
cgv	five months.
kid	yeah five months five months old.
cgv	do you remember things from when you were five months old.
kid	yeah I dreamed about mountain goats and and I saw one you know when we went camping and we saw footprints of bears.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I saw mountain goats then too.
cgv	were there mountains around there.
kid	yeah I saw mountain goats right right about that high.
cgv	why didn't you tell us.
kid	(be)cause I couldn't know what they were.
cgv	how did you find out.
kid	I didn't know what they were (ex)cept when I was about that much five months old I saw them and I found em and took em to Minnesota.
cgv	I know that you're teasing.
kid	uhuh I saw em I saw em Mommy look I can't see anything.
cgv	it's only Abe.
kid	Mommy are you scared of me.
cgv	no.
kid	Mommy listen to this question what if our house was a jungle and we lived in a jungle and a rattlesnake came into the jungle.
cgv	what would we do.
kid	we would run for our lives and look for a new place to live with just monkeys around.
cgv	that would still be a jungle.
kid	no just monkeys around would be.
cgv	oh.
kid	we would be safe unless a lion was our friend.
cgv	if a lion was our friend we'd be safe.
kid	yeah.
cgv	oh what are you building.
kid	I can't tell you it's going to be real good Mommy look Mommy it's time to look.
cgv	wow.
kid	did you know I balanced it like that.
cgv	yeah I like that.
kid	(ex)cept Mommy if I had my crane I could put this right up here could you bring my crane down.
cgv	not now.
kid	I'll bring it down if you help me.
cgv	let's not do it tonight okay.
kid	okay Mommy this is gon (t)a be a front yard fence I bet you don't know what this is gon (t)a be Mommy I bet you don't know what this is gon (t)a be you know what that's gon (t)a be.
kid	a.
cgv	what.
kid	a a.
cgv	a zoo.
kid	uhhuh Mommy this is gon (t)a be a big zoo (ex)cept Mommy where's the tigers.
kid	we need tigers and giraffes and leopards and live horses that's going to be hard I'm going to have to make a strong zoo Mommy you know what.
cgv	what.
kid	if the animals want to be loose the zoo+keepers let em be loose aren't the zoo+keepers nice to the animals.
cgv	yeah.
kid	if the animals want to be loose the zoo+keepers let em be loose.
cgv	that's a fantastic arrangement.
kid	Mommy I need boars now I need boars now and camels.
cgv	get em look in your ark.
kid	can you bring it over here.
cgv	it's right there.
kid	the ark's empty.
cgv	this one's not.
kid	you mean this one's my brand new one.
cgv	yep.
kid	how would you catch all these animals Mom.
kid	how would you catch all these animals Mom.
kid	all the farm animals are supposed to stay here not the bears they might kill the farm animals animal Old Yeller Mommy aren't those animals going crazy.
cgv	why are they going crazy.
kid	they want to escape the zoo+keeper doesn't want to let em out I need a lot more you know why.
kid	(be)cause the animals can knock these walls down Mommy I can't find that other animal like that.
cgv	look in there.
kid	do you think this zoo can hold this dinosaur.
cgv	I hope so.
kid	the dinosaur is going to break out you know why.
kid	(be)cause this dinosaur wants company Mommy look look how the zoo+keeper builded it look how the zoo+keeper builded it.
cgv	boy what a good plan.
kid	no animals could escape from this zoo at breakfast the zoo+keeper lets them out for a walk I'm not going to try to knock this down I'm building this zoo.
cgv	did Mommy try to knock it down.
kid	no I keep knocking it down not on purpose by accident look the dinosaur can't even escape.
cgv	why not.
kid	the zoo is built for dinosaurs.
cgv	oh.
kid	hey Daddy what are you doing.
cgv	I'm just putting this up what are you going to do.
kid	I'm going to start building this part of my zoo.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mommy know what.
kid	the dinosaur doesn't know what to do oh no I knocked the zoo down can you help me build it all over again.
cgv	why don't you start picking em up because we're going to leave pretty soon.
kid	okay some of the animals are even dead anyway some of em escaped all of em didn't escape Mom there's still a lot the dinosaur's even alive.
cgv	do you think the shell protected her.
kid	her doesn't even got a shell know what.
kid	that triceratops is a her.
cgv	Abe what's the difference between she and her.
kid	me and you.
cgv	which sounds better.
cgv	she went into the box or her went into the box.
kid	she went into the box this dinosaur is a she.
cgv	how do you know.
kid	the bottom gots@n a baby in.
cgv	where.
kid	I'm just pretending okay.
cgv	oh okay.
kid	this dinosaur is a weapon.
cgv	a weapon.
kid	yeah.
