participant	content
kid	huh.
cgv	you just dropped one on the floor.
kid	sneaker peeker you are a leaker sneaker peeker you are a leaker hey Mom.
cgv	yeah.
kid	you don't know what's on this side a different color.
cgv	red.
cgv	white.
kid	red and white and orange and white.
cgv	how unusual.
kid	Dad do you wan(t) (t)a go upstairs and wrestle.
cgv	not right now.
kid	now you want to now you want to now you want to.
cgv	now I wan(t) (t)a what.
kid	wrestle.
cgv	nope.
cgv	did you see this.
cgv	yeah I saw that when I came home I really like it.
kid	you didn't like what.
cgv	I did like it.
kid	like what.
cgv	the nativity scene that you made.
kid	where's my activity scene.
kid	where's my activity scene.
cgv	that's the Christmas scene with Mary and Joseph and the ox and the lamb.
kid	oh yeah.
cgv	do you want to put it by the candy.
kid	okay hey.
kid	how about if I keep that one there (be)cause Santa could keep that one there.
kid	and we could keep this one here.
cgv	okay we could keep this one in the window so Santa can see it.
kid	well Santa will be inside here too.
cgv	Abe you better let him know what you want you need to write him a letter.
kid	I don't even know what I want.
cgv	you better write him or he won't bring you anything.
kid	no Santa's for everybody how (a)bout if he just comes with surprises.
cgv	that's a good idea the mailman's out front I hope he's bringing us something he is +....
kid	what.
cgv	we're getting some Christmas packages.
kid	Mommy do you mean we could open em up now.
cgv	no.
kid	I know what that is Lincoln_logs or blocks.
cgv	maybe.
kid	I wonder what's in here this looks like it might be a big toy.
cgv	I got one.
kid	so do I I got one too right Daddy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mommy got two right.
cgv	well you're getting one from Alan.
kid	I know.
cgv	what would you do if you got Lincoln_logs.
kid	I would play with em play build buildings hey Mom wan(t) (t)a see this jump.
kid	Mom wan(t) (t)a see this jump Mommy watch this jump Daddy I jumped over this foot+stool didn't I.
cgv	you sure did.
cgv	oh I forgot this one Abe.
kid	what.
cgv	this.
kid	what is this.
kid	it's just paper.
cgv	Mom tricked you didn't she.
kid	nuhuh I really knew what was in there she didn't trick me.
cgv	I can see the letters through here.
kid	what letters.
cgv	on the package.
kid	where are the letters.
cgv	here.
kid	presenting Evel Knievel +....
cgv	Abe what do you think would have happened if the mailman would have brought the packages and we wouldn't have been here.
cgv	what do you think he would have done with the packages then.
kid	he would put em in the doorway.
cgv	what.
kid	he would put em in the doorway.
cgv	he would have put em in the doorway.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	and then what would have happened.
kid	we would say +"/..
kid	+" we got Christmas packages.
cgv	oh.
kid	wow wasn't that a far jump.
cgv	yeah that was a good jump.
kid	I had to go like that again.
cgv	Abe would you like part of a carrot.
kid	no thank you awoh I think I broke my button no I didn't I checked it.
cgv	you what.
kid	I checked it.
cgv	oh.
kid	I shouldn't get so far away that makes it too hard to jump over.
cgv	be careful.
kid	hey Mommy look where I landed.
cgv	on the floor.
kid	no look how far I am away from Daddy's legs.
cgv	uhhuh I'm glad you didn't land on the ceiling.
kid	I can't land on the ceiling I can't even land on the ceiling.
cgv	what.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" I can't even land on the ceiling.
kid	hey Mom now look how far I landed Mom look how far I landed from Daddy's legs this time.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mom did you see that.
kid	Mom did you see that jump.
kid	hey.
kid	is this where I landed.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	wow.
kid	that was far I shouldn't even roll I hit myself then I fell down I'm gon (t)a jump over this.
cgv	what.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" I'm gon (t)a fall down.
kid	Mommy wan(t) (t)a see how I did it.
cgv	wow.
kid	and I landed right on my butt.
cgv	oh don't get too wild or you're gon (t)a hurt yourself.
cgv	I know what this is.
kid	Lincoln_logs I bet.
cgv	do you wan(t) (t)a put it here.
kid	no that's not under the Christmas tree I want it right here.
cgv	okay.
kid	I want it right here.
cgv	okay that looks good huh.
kid	yeah hey Daddy get sitting I got my nose I like it like that.
cgv	Abe look this is you dressed up like a pumpkin.
kid	okay let me see no that's a pumpkin and that's me I'm dressed up like a soldier and I'm standing next to a pumpkin.
cgv	oh.
kid	you're carving the pumpkin that's the pumpkin that I was standing next to.
cgv	uhhuh that's me on my birthday.
kid	why do you look so sad because you only had one candle.
cgv	uhhuh Abe do you want to wrap Mommy's gift now or do you want to wait until tomorrow.
kid	how about if we wait and wrap it tomorrow.
kid	and then we'll wrestle today.
cgv	okay why do you like to wrestle so much.
kid	it's fun.
cgv	that's a good reason.
kid	okay Daddy do you want to wrestle now or wait until after you study.
cgv	we can wrestle now.
kid	okay I wan(t) (t)a wrestle now.
cgv	okay what kind of wrestle.
kid	the kind that we usually do.
cgv	oh okay.
kid	we have to make people give but Daddy don't play too rough on me (be)cause if you play too rough on me I'll play too rough on you.
cgv	okay.
kid	I tricked you didn't I Daddy.
cgv	you sure did.
kid	and look what I got.
cgv	let's see oh is it cold.
kid	uhhuh I like it Mommy know what Daddy writed down.
cgv	what did he write down.
kid	he writed when we were wrestling I said +"/..
kid	+" get deeper on the bed.
kid	and that's what he writed down.
cgv	you said what.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" get deeper on the bed.
kid	and that's what he writed down.
cgv	get deeper on the bed.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	why did he write that down.
kid	it was a neat thing to him.
cgv	oh.
cgv	whatcha what are you] doing partner.
kid	I was just thinking about if we played a game of pop ["] right now.
cgv	ask Mom.
kid	Mommy do you want to play a game of +"/..
kid	+" pop.
cgv	yeah if you want to.
kid	okay I want to how (a)bout you Dad.
cgv	yeah.
kid	okay when I get this motorcycle set up then we'll play.
cgv	okay.
cgv	are you ready.
kid	I'm putting the motorcycles in their positions I got the game out.
cgv	do you want me to be the farmer.
kid	no.
cgv	are you going to be the farmer.
kid	no Daddy is.
cgv	I'm Daddy.
kid	so you get far away no I want to be the farmer Daddy's yellow again Mommy's blue again okay.
cgv	okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	okay Pop.
cgv	just a second.
kid	I got a one no I didn't really it was already on the ones so I don't get a one.
cgv	man is it snowing.
kid	let me see wow thick big it's thick Momma I'm first I'm the farmer.
