participant	content
cgv	what would you like to drink Abe.
cgv	milk.
kid	how (a)bout water.
cgv	okay.
kid	I'm gon (t)a have this one.
cgv	do you want cheese.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	lettuce.
kid	uhhuh over here Mommy what is that.
cgv	just a piece of lettuce.
kid	Mommy roll this up no I want Mommy to roll it up.
cgv	would you like a little bit more meat.
kid	no that's all the meat I want.
cgv	how do they taste.
kid	fine I want that spoon.
cgv	okay.
kid	use this fork instead of my spoon.
cgv	okay.
cgv	Abe how did you get that balloon.
kid	from one of my teachers I got that from the balloon party (ex)cept there wasn't any cake there there was just there was just balloons.
cgv	oh did anything else exciting happen at school.
kid	yeah I got lots of stuff and I was starving I just had chocolate chip cookies and orange juice at school and I started to starve and then I came home Momma.
cgv	huh.
kid	I thought you were gon (t)a pick me up Pat took me to school and she picked me up.
cgv	I know I took you and picked you up Friday so I asked Pat to take you and pick you up today that way we share the driving.
kid	hawks could come to school and pick me up (ex)cept they're not at school they're just at camping.
cgv	what would you do if a hawk came to school to pick you up.
kid	laugh.
cgv	what'd everybody else say.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	they'd say +"/..
cgv	+" what is that.
kid	and I would say +"/..
kid	+" it's a hawk.
kid	hey what is this.
cgv	it's a onion.
kid	can you eat one.
cgv	I don't care to Daddy likes em though.
kid	do you wan(t) (t)a eat it on your taco.
cgv	sure thank you pardner partner].
kid	Mommy hawk meat is different because hawk meat is red.
cgv	what color is the taco meat.
kid	brown.
cgv	after it's cooked before we cook it it's red.
kid	Mommy I just wan(t) (t)a put meat and lettuce and cheese and meat in in my taco and I don't wan(t) (t)a put this in my tacos.
cgv	what are those.
kid	tomatoes.
cgv	remember when we grew tomatoes in our garden Abe.
kid	yeah before it snowed we did.
cgv	uhhuh last Summer did you ever eat any of them.
kid	I eated one bite of tomato.
cgv	they were good weren't they.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" yuck.
cgv	I thought they were good.
kid	hawks like to eat tomatoes.
cgv	am I a hawk.
kid	no I want another taco put it back I'm gon (t)a pick it up Mom.
cgv	what.
kid	this is right I wanted a taco with holes.
cgv	good I'm glad it all worked out okay.
kid	I'm gon (t)a get some cheese first Daddy did you taste your your onion.
kid	I thought you tasted your your part of your onion.
cgv	I did it was pretty good.
cgv	here's your big spoon.
kid	no I don't want it I wanted that fork I wanted to use that fork.
cgv	here.
kid	now roll it up again.
cgv	okay.
kid	whoops some fell out Daddy did you taste part of your onion.
cgv	I sure did I like onions.
kid	hawks like to eat whole onions.
cgv	they must have bad breath.
kid	they have good breath.
cgv	oh.
kid	hawks could roll their tacos up all by themself themselves] [*] (ex)cept if you get a hawk tacos they just roll it up and they eat the whole taco all up.
kid	Dad do you want this onion now.
kid	you could have this onion.
cgv	thank you.
kid	this is good (ex)cept I want you to eat the tomatoes all up we need to start planting tomatoes.
cgv	that's right.
kid	Daddy.
kid	it's really neat after you eat your taco I will show you.
cgv	what.
kid	okay I'll show you now.
cgv	what.
cgv	what is it.
kid	right here all the seeds are sprouting.
cgv	oh how nice wow.
kid	hey are these tomatoes.
cgv	no that's part of a red pepper.
cgv	Abe why does that balloon float in the air.
kid	because they have helium.
cgv	why does helium float.
kid	it don't float.
cgv	what's the difference between helium and the plain air you blow in a balloon.
kid	you just blow with plain air know what happened.
kid	this got tied on here.
cgv	who tied it.
kid	a teacher.
cgv	why did she tie it to your wrist.
kid	just a second I can't talk now my mouth is full Mom because the teacher tied it on they because they don't want it to blow away.
cgv	oh.
kid	hey I found something a toy a toy was in the car when we goed@n to the store.
cgv	that's right.
kid	balloon come back balloon come back balloon come back balloon come back I better get it Mommy watch this Mommy watch this.
cgv	hey that was pretty fast.
kid	hey what is this.
cgv	I don't know did you find the outside.
kid	no it makes a lot of noise so it must be a little noise+maker.
cgv	Abe if I filled you up with helium would you float away.
kid	yeah (ex)cept don't fill me up with helium I'm not a balloon.
cgv	I won't.
kid	Mommy where's the thing that was on here.
kid	here it is.
cgv	did you tell Daddy we walked down to Amara's house this morning.
kid	we drived down to Amara's house.
cgv	Abe drove his truck down.
kid	and we parked in back of her house and we saw a baby.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mommy don't you think we could play we could go on a bear hunt.
cgv	good idea when we go camping we'll look for some bears.
kid	no no we could go on a bear hunt now it's just pretend we did that at school once.
cgv	you did.
kid	yeah.
cgv	did you find any bears.
kid	no we just pretended you could play that and I could too Mom what would happen if I taked this balloon.
cgv	if you took it.
cgv	where are you going to take it.
kid	nowhere.
cgv	then nothing will happen.
kid	you dummy balloon Mommy my balloon goed@n up now it comed@n down.
cgv	okay see if you can reach it now.
kid	this is gon (t)a be really neat I could stand on this and get it.
cgv	yeah that's one way.
kid	I can't reach it this is gon (t)a be pretty hard this one is gon (t)a be really fun whoops I slipped.
cgv	are you ready to go camping.
kid	when the sun comes back up.
cgv	not in the morning we'll probably go in the afternoon okay.
kid	okay Daddy now you jump and get it.
cgv	okay now you see if you can touch it.
kid	I need something I could touch it with my hammer.
cgv	let's see whoops.
kid	come back balloon come back.
cgv	it's stuck on the ceiling.
kid	here's one way that you could get it down.
cgv	what.
kid	put it up really high okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	I think you could reach it I really need someone to help me.
cgv	no just scoot the chair over I think that would do it.
kid	I'm gon (t)a throw it up in the air.
cgv	okay.
kid	take me down balloon my balloon hit me you dummy balloon don't hit me now get it up really high.
cgv	just let it go.
kid	okay I can't reach it.
cgv	wish me luck.
kid	where are you gon (t)a go.
cgv	to class I have to take a test.
kid	I got my balloon Mommy I almost got my balloon down I almost got my balloon down.
cgv	hey that looks pretty dangerous to me.
cgv	yeah go ahead and put your highchair back.
kid	where is my highchair.
cgv	right here.
kid	put it back where it goes my balloon my balloon I'm thirsty I'm thirsty Dad.
cgv	what do you want.
kid	orange juice and milk first milk and then orange juice.
cgv	okay I'll get you some milk now.
kid	get my orange juice last and my milk first.
cgv	okay here's your milk.
kid	I'm swimming see.
cgv	goodbye Mom.
kid	goodbye and have a good time.
kid	let's play baseball.
cgv	what.
kid	let's play with your baseball.
cgv	do you want to.
kid	yeah.
