participant	content
kid	like a cookie.
cgv	huh.
kid	like a cookie and some milk.
cgv	okay.
kid	(ex)cept we have a special kind of tool right here.
cgv	what kind of special tool is that.
kid	a saw.
cgv	yeah but you need a special kind to make a new sword.
kid	Dad this is a special kind.
cgv	it's a good kind huh.
kid	yeah (ex)cept it's not good.
cgv	how many cookies.
kid	two Dad how come some people have cookies for lunch sometimes.
cgv	they just like cookies how come you have cookies for lunch sometimes.
kid	I just like cookies this is how.
cgv	yeah what would you do with that spear after we make it.
kid	go hunting with it.
cgv	what.
kid	go hunting with it.
cgv	what would you hunt.
kid	like mouses (ex)cept do butterflies bite.
cgv	no I don't think they do.
kid	(ex)cept know what Chris said.
cgv	what did Chris say.
kid	butterflies in our world are mean.
cgv	what.
kid	butterflies in our world are mean.
cgv	in our world.
kid	yeah.
cgv	have you ever met a mean butterfly.
kid	no.
cgv	me either do you think Chris is right.
kid	no Dad the best thing to do is to step on a butterfly that's eating grass.
cgv	no.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	that would kill it.
kid	no mean butterflies.
cgv	oh would it kill a mean butterfly.
kid	yeah.
cgv	have you ever seen a mean butterfly.
kid	no.
cgv	do you think they really exist.
kid	what.
kid	what does really exist.
kid	what does really exist.
cgv	mean butterflies.
kid	yep they really do.
cgv	do you think you need a sword to go nut and hunt butterflies.
kid	uhhuh mean butterflies.
cgv	well I'll tell you what.
kid	what.
cgv	I'll try to fix it after I take a shower.
kid	you could do it now.
cgv	I'm gon (t)a eat now.
kid	then you could do it after you cat.
cgv	maybe.
kid	Dad the nectarine seeds didn't grow yet.
cgv	they didn't.
kid	no they didn't grow so they must died.
cgv	you think they're dead.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	I think they're still growing you'll just have to be patient how come you can't catch butterflies with that hatchet.
kid	huh.
kid	huh.
kid	because it's not sharp enough.
cgv	oh I think it's sharp enough to hunt butterflies.
kid	because I'm afraid it won't work.
cgv	how come.
kid	because people don't use hatchets for hunting butterflies.
cgv	oh.
kid	I'm trying to get this dirt out.
cgv	good.
kid	this ax is not very sharp and I'm trying to get it sharpened I think it's getting sharpened enough now.
cgv	let me see it is.
kid	no people could hurt butterflies.
cgv	huh.
cgv	huh.
kid	do butterflies have bones.
cgv	no.
kid	then do they have little bones.
cgv	they might.
kid	like fish bones.
cgv	smaller than that.
kid	how come.
kid	this sharp.
cgv	hmm.
kid	this sharp.
kid	it goes way down to the testicle.
cgv	to the what.
kid	to the testicle.
cgv	what goes way down to the testicles.
kid	the bone.
cgv	whose bone.
kid	butterfly's bones.
cgv	what are testicles.
kid	like they're they're big sharp things and they're really flat like this.
cgv	really flat and sharp huh.
kid	yeah (ex)cept you can't even see em because if you step on em you could see em (ex)cept if you cut em, you could see em too (ex)cept if it's alive you can't see testicles.
cgv	where did you hear that word.
kid	you know octopuses have testicles octopuses have those.
cgv	do you.
kid	what are testicles.
cgv	huh.
kid	what are testicles.
cgv	where are they.
kid	what are they.
kid	are they sharp things.
cgv	no.
kid	arms.
cgv	no.
kid	hands.
cgv	no they're part of your penis you have testicles and a penis.
kid	testicles and a penis.
kid	hey how do butterflies tee+tee.
cgv	huh.
cgv	huh.
cgv	they have a special eye and they tee+tee out of their eye.
kid	that's silly.
cgv	you don't think that's right.
kid	no they tee+tee out of their penis.
cgv	what about girl butterflies.
kid	I don't know they tee+tee out of a penis that they grow right up to the sky.
cgv	girl butterflies have penises.
kid	yeah right up to the sky.
cgv	what goes right up to the sky.
kid	I mean a rocket+ship it goes right up to the sky boom.
kid	do mean do mean +....
cgv	I don't know you haven't asked me yet.
kid	I forgot we watched it on tv last night it was Godzilla.
cgv	that movie.
kid	uhhuh (ex)cept how do Godzillas are are airplanes bigger than Godzilla.
cgv	huh.
kid	are airplanes bigger than Godzilla.
cgv	no Godzilla's huge he's a lot bigger than an airplane.
kid	(ex)cept know what.
cgv	what.
kid	how come the airplanes wanted to shoot the mean the mean monster.
cgv	they thought the monster would come to their city and eat it.
kid	no the monster crashed the planes down like this like that.
cgv	oh I didn't know that it's hard to know stuff about monsters isn't it.
kid	yeah (ex)cept mmm just know.
cgv	I think that rock and that stick are too big for a spear Abe.
kid	oh (ex)cept I found one (ex)cept it's way [!] way [!] way [!] way [!] way down from the stairs it's buried so you can't see it.
cgv	wow that's gon (t)a be hard to find when did you see that.
kid	when we were going at our old apartment a long long time ago.
cgv	when did you see the other rocks.
kid	no it's a flat big rock then it's buried.
cgv	how'd it get buried.
kid	I don't know by the rain or some dirt or some mud we could use this rock anyway.
cgv	no it's too heavy one thing about spears is that it should be carried real easy.
kid	(ex)cept I could carry it real easy.
cgv	that's not the right kind of spear don't you want to have the right kind.
kid	I want to have the wrong kind.
cgv	you silly goose maybe we could find a stick and a rock to make you a spear.
kid	a big one.
cgv	yeah.
kid	no I want to have the wrong kind.
cgv	I can't make that one work.
kid	you could glue it.
cgv	it won't work.
kid	I think it will glue would stick the rock glue would stick the rock.
cgv	stick the rock where.
kid	on the stick see.
kid	this is almost flat I need to sand it.
cgv	I think that you could probably find a better rock.
kid	we could get a big shovel like like that and go dig up the rock I found.
cgv	maybe later.
kid	see.
kid	this is almost flat this is almost flat.
cgv	yeah but it's too wide.
kid	I want it too wide.
cgv	you want it what.
kid	I want it too wide.
cgv	you just want to be difficult don't you.
kid	I could hold it like this then I could throw it somebody already sawed it I wan(t) (t)a a long spear I wan(t) (t)a a long spear I wan(t) (t)a a long spear.
cgv	where're you going.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a show you something I mean like this thin.
cgv	huh.
kid	do you mean like this thin.
cgv	yeah that would be a good size this rock is too big it's too big to tie onto this stick.
kid	okay then we could go way way way down from the stairs and dig for that rock I saw.
cgv	or we could just look for another rock.
kid	no we could dig for the flat rock.
cgv	we can't dig Abe.
kid	how come.
cgv	the people would get mad at us.
kid	no in the dirt.
cgv	maybe somebody else found that rock and took it home.
kid	I bet nobody found it because it's because I think it's buried.
cgv	hmm.
kid	I think it's buried.
cgv	oh then how are we going to find it.
kid	we could dig for it way way way way to the dirt.
cgv	I heard a car drive up I wonder if that's Grandma and Grandpa.
kid	I don't see Grandma and Grandpa it was somebody it was someone across the street.
cgv	oh.
kid	do Grandpa and Grandma have a car.
cgv	yeah.
kid	is it grey.
cgv	no.
kid	blue.
cgv	no it's light brown.
kid	light brown we could make a spear we could make a thin spear with this see.
kid	it's flat.
cgv	that isn't wood is it.
kid	no it's not.
cgv	you need wood to make a spear.
kid	you could try.
cgv	what.
kid	you could try.
cgv	I already have.
kid	no with a rock you dum+dum +....
cgv	it has to be straight first.
kid	then you could straighten it.
cgv	I can't throw it away.
kid	okay it was way way down to that dirt.
cgv	what.
cgv	what.
cgv	what.
kid	that rock and it got buried so we could dig for it I don't get to dig very often.
cgv	I don't know if they'll let us dig for it.
kid	how come.
cgv	because they're working and they might not want us to mess up the ground.
kid	we need that flat rock and you know that flat rock was like a spear and it was so big.
cgv	what if we can't find that rock.
kid	then we could go to the park and look for one.
cgv	okay.
kid	now.
cgv	no not now I have to go take a shower remember.
kid	yeah.
cgv	which would you rather have.
cgv	a spear or a lantern.
kid	a lantern I think Mom's gon (t)a be late so we should go get one.
cgv	we have to wait for Grandma and Grandpa if they came and we weren't here what would they do.
kid	they would wait for us.
cgv	you don't think they'd be real disappointed.
kid	no what does +"/..
kid	+" real disappointed.
kid	mean.
cgv	it means they'd be real sad.
kid	no I think they won't be sad know what.
cgv	what.
kid	we could ride our bike over.
cgv	but who would be home if Grandma and Grandpa come.
kid	nobody (ex)cept know what.
cgv	what.
kid	Grandma and Grandpa won't be here when we come back.
cgv	you don't think they're going to come today.
kid	I think so.
cgv	then why don't you think they'll come while we're gone.
kid	(be)cause they won't come when Mommy's not home.
cgv	they might.
kid	you could make a spear at school and then and then you could bring it home for me.
cgv	would you like that.
kid	yeah (ex)cept know what.
cgv	what.
kid	I just saw a spear that was all wood and it was had a point on it.
cgv	that's dangerous would yours have to have a point.
kid	yeah man so I could hunt butterflies mean butterflies.
cgv	how do you tell if a butterflies mean.
kid	(be)cause if it bites and it eats.
cgv	oh isn't there anyway to tell before it bites.
kid	it's it's a eagle butterfly.
cgv	it's what.
kid	it's a eagle butterfly how could you lock your bike like that.
kid	how could you lock your bike like that.
cgv	I did it with the lock so nobody would steal it.
kid	I'm gon (t)a go find two flat rocks and Leslie can keep one and I can keep one.
cgv	that's a good idea.
