participant	content
cgv	maybe we'll have to wait and see.
kid	did you make it.
cgv	I'm getting it.
kid	okay did you put it in the toaster.
cgv	do you want it toasted.
kid	no.
cgv	okay.
kid	I thought you had a big a bigger microscope than this.
cgv	I do that's a small microphone.
kid	where's your big one.
cgv	upstairs.
kid	how come.
cgv	I just thought I'd use this one today.
kid	oh.
cgv	what time did you get up.
kid	about eight o'clock.
cgv	what did you do.
kid	I thoughted thought] +ed-sup] I would go outside.
kid	(ex)cept then I thoughted thought] +ed-sup] I heard ringing somebody ringing our doorbell real loud.
kid	then I wanted to see who was ringing.
cgv	who was it.
kid	her and so the bike was in it's way and then I thought +"/..
kid	+" wow I'm gon (t)a go out the other door and see who that is.
cgv	that was pretty smart what happened then.
kid	then those kids came out to play with me.
cgv	how nice.
kid	is that it.
cgv	yeah.
kid	but I wanted in it in it to two pieces cut it into two pieces yeah peanut butter and jelly sandwich just a second I thought I was gon (t)a drink this milk could I could I drink this milk.
cgv	yeah.
kid	it's ice.
cgv	I'll put some of this in.
kid	could you take that white ice out.
cgv	it'll melt do you want to go a picnic today.
kid	yeah me and you and Mommy after we eat the picnic we could play on the rides okay.
cgv	we'll see where's my spoon.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	I don't see it on the table.
kid	you must have sitted on it.
cgv	no I see it on the floor what are you thinking about.
kid	nothing.
cgv	that must be pretty boring.
kid	bored.
kid	bored.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I don't want this part I don't like that how long are we to go on a picnic.
cgv	we'll probably go in the afternoon.
kid	oh Daddy I'm gon (t)a come back down.
cgv	where are you going.
kid	going upstairs.
cgv	how come.
kid	to go tee+tee.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy it's okay if you eat my sandwich I just wanted one sandwich.
cgv	where are you going.
kid	outside.
cgv	how come.
kid	to play.
cgv	don't touch that owie.
kid	where did you get it.
cgv	I think I got it while we were camping know how I got this owie.
kid	by me.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	how by me.
cgv	you scratched me while we were wrestling yesterday why don't you eat the other part of your sandwich.
kid	(be)cause I'm not hungry I just wanted one sandwich.
kid	yeah I'll be out as soon as I get my rifle.
kid	Lisa found a big ant and we buried we found lots of big rocks and we buried it and it got trapped.
kid	yeah so now I've got big muscles.
kid	I didn't find em I guess they were in my body.
kid	yeah it's not real I'm gon (t)a call it a bull+frog.
kid	Daddy I'm gon (t)a call this frog a bull+frog.
cgv	good.
kid	(ex)cept do bull+frogs bite.
cgv	no.
kid	hey give me those pieces (ex)cept could I have two for my friends.
cgv	yeah wait don't you want this one for you.
kid	yeah okay I got two Daddy next year could we go to Great_Grandma's house.
cgv	when is next year.
kid	next summer after it snows and the snow melts then it will be next summer right.
cgv	right why do you want to go to Great_Grandma's.
kid	(be)cause if we go there I could catch a bull+frog.
cgv	oh.
kid	and you could help me okay.
cgv	sure.
kid	we could catch a really big bull+frog and then we'll put it in a jar a big big jar and then +/..
cgv	how do you pick corn Abe.
kid	you pull it from the top Mom are well are some more corn gon (t)a grow.
cgv	yeah some of the cobs aren't ripe yet.
cgv	you picked all of those.
kid	no I just picked one no I picked two and Momma picked two Daddy I'm gon (t)a kiss your ear.
cgv	okay Abe watch my corn for me while I go upstairs okay.
kid	okay Mom can I watch that Daddy's corn doesn't burn.
kid	Mom I wan(t) (t)a watch Daddy's corn.
cgv	okay.
kid	Momma.
cgv	huh.
kid	take the cover off so I can see it.
cgv	it needs the cover on Abe.
kid	how come.
cgv	so it can cook.
kid	but I need to watch the corn in case it burns.
cgv	I don't think it's gon (t)a burn look at all the water that's in there.
kid	oh Mom could we go to the library tonight.
cgv	if it's open I'll have to call to make sure it's open.
kid	how come lots of times the library's closed.
cgv	because it's summer and they have weird hours in the summer.
kid	we could go tomorrow if it's closed tonight okay.
cgv	we'll see.
kid	hey Momma I think the corn's ready now.
cgv	not yet.
kid	let's see let's see let's see let's see.
cgv	do you want me why don't you set the table for me.
cgv	here's the salt and pepper.
kid	where's the hands.
cgv	the hands.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what are the hands.
kid	for picking up stuff.
cgv	your hands.
kid	yeah.
kid	huh.
kid	watch it in case anybody steals it watch it in case anybody steals it.
kid	Mom did you throw this away.
kid	the mmm I can't find it hey you shouldn't do that stop it.
kid	Mom these are ready now.
kid	is five a lot.
kid	one two three four five.
kid	yeah and if it is that means the corn is ready.
kid	I think it is now I think it is it's hot it's ready.
kid	Mom how come when a airplane pilot is on the ground he has to sit here.
kid	here in this seat.
kid	I think he does since when I saw it on tv he was sitting there.
kid	yeah and it was on the ground and the pilot was sitting here.
kid	if I was a pilot I would probably get to sit there too right.
kid	Mom could we see if it's ready now.
kid	is it ready.
kid	is it almost ready.
kid	one two three I bet it's ready now it's already three.
cgv	Abe did you watch my corn.
kid	I can't there's lots of water in it this is boring.
cgv	you're bored waiting for the corn.
kid	yeah.
cgv	tell Dad about our trip to the co_op.
kid	it was closed.
cgv	it was.
kid	yeah.
