participant	content
cgv	okay but why don't you use a smaller pillow.
kid	okay no then I would have to get closer and you could get me.
cgv	okay but you're going to have a hard time with that one.
kid	no I'll get you with it.
cgv	we'll see.
kid	now can I do my sticker book.
cgv	okay.
kid	first I'll do number three (ex)cept we need a dry towel.
cgv	a dry one or a wet one.
kid	a dry uh a wet one Daddy you help me okay.
cgv	okay awoh.
kid	what.
kid	it's alright Dad I have a good idea.
cgv	what.
kid	when I'm five why don't you get me a gift that I never had.
cgv	that'd be hard you have everything.
kid	no I don't.
cgv	here you go.
kid	okay now find number three.
kid	you could see number three see.
cgv	uhhuh that looks like a lot of fun.
kid	I know it's sticker fun.
cgv	how does it work.
kid	you just press some water on not very much just a little.
cgv	and that's how it works.
kid	uhhuh Daddy look.
cgv	yeah you did it.
kid	this part won't stay down very long unless I get some more water on there now it will work.
cgv	I'll be back in a minute you finish that.
kid	Daddy can you get me some water too.
cgv	water.
kid	uhhuh in a glass.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I'm thirsty too.
cgv	okay I think I can manage that.
kid	Daddy look how that good I did.
cgv	let me see yeah they're all on in the right places do you want to do number four now.
kid	yeah.
cgv	or do you want to save it for later on.
kid	no we're not gon (t)a save it all day we're gon (t)a do it some days until I get out of it.
cgv	see how much bigger this one is than that one.
cgv	how come you think that is.
kid	which is.
cgv	this hut's bigger than that hut how come.
kid	because it's littler.
cgv	I know but why do you think that's true.
kid	because they builded em like that.
cgv	oh.
kid	hey I thought you said you were going upstairs while I did this.
cgv	I was but I haven't had a chance yet you have to get dressed soon so you can go to Leslie's birthday party.
kid	I know I think I could make her three cut+outs.
cgv	for Les.
kid	uhhuh Indians don't have cows because in those days they don't have any cows they just had the cowboys some Indians died before the cowboys some cowboys died before the Indians.
cgv	that's true.
kid	Dad that is true.
cgv	I believe it.
kid	and and some Indians didn't die and some cowboys did some cowboys didn't some cowboys did some Indians didn't and some cowboys did Dad.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I haven't got my new skates and Winter's almost over.
cgv	yeah maybe we'll wait to get them until next year.
kid	first last second first last second first last and second.
cgv	what's first.
cgv	what's last.
cgv	and what's second.
kid	this one's first this one's last this one's second this one's first this one's last this one's second this one's first this one's last this one's second.
cgv	how come.
kid	that's how it is.
cgv	is there any reason for that.
kid	I don't know the reason but there is.
cgv	oh.
kid	Dad what did we eat last tonight.
cgv	what.
kid	what did we eat tonight.
cgv	last night.
kid	yeah I mean the night before today is that last night.
cgv	yeah we had pancakes.
kid	oh yeah hey Daddy.
cgv	yeah.
kid	if I could find that other antelope do you wan(t) (t)a play a game with me.
cgv	okay.
kid	I mean if I could find the dinosaur.
cgv	here's the other antelope.
kid	okay.
cgv	are you done with your sticker fun.
kid	yeah.
cgv	where's your scissors.
kid	I don't know I haven't been using them.
cgv	are they on the bookshelf.
kid	no I don't know where they are Daddy if you do real good I'll get you a surprise.
cgv	okay.
kid	you point to it where is the car.
cgv	right there.
kid	good now where is the dinosaur.
cgv	right there.
kid	right now where is the tub.
kid	good where is the antelope.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	do I get a surprise.
kid	I'll make you one (ex)cept I need to have a piece of paper Daddy can I use some of your scissors.
cgv	I'll get em.
kid	okay I can't see.
cgv	why not.
kid	I'm under the blanket.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I can't see.
cgv	is that why you're under the blanket.
kid	yeah so I can't see.
cgv	what's my surprise going to be.
kid	it's a cutout.
cgv	oh good.
kid	it has to be a good one (be)cause I love you.
cgv	oh boy.
kid	a real good one okay Daddy here's yours.
cgv	wow thanks.
kid	how (a)bout another one for you.
cgv	that would be a nice idea.
kid	okay and then I'll make you another surprise if you do just good at this game.
cgv	oh we're going to do another game.
kid	yeah Daddy here's your other surprise.
cgv	good.
kid	Daddy here's a different game okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	it's kind of a neat game this is the best kind of game.
cgv	good.
kid	where's the airplane.
cgv	right there.
kid	yeah where are the scissors.
cgv	in front of the airplane.
kid	good no the airplane is in front of the scissors.
cgv	oh.
kid	now where is the fire+engine.
cgv	right there.
kid	uhhuh that is a fire+engine now where is the dinosaur.
cgv	right there.
kid	good now where is the tub and the antelope and the other antelope.
cgv	there there and there.
kid	good don't you want to pick this up.
kid	it's a surprise for you there I put it right here I'll make you another one if you want another one.
cgv	it's on your lap.
kid	what.
kid	oh.
cgv	and I would like another surprise.
kid	good here's a other cutout for you.
cgv	thanks buddy.
kid	I have to make Leslie some too now how old is Leslie gon (t)a be.
cgv	how old do you think.
kid	four.
cgv	right.
kid	I wonder why there's so many people that are getting four.
cgv	huh.
kid	I wonder why there's so many people getting four.
cgv	because all of you were born about the same time.
kid	oh.
cgv	Karen will never be four again will she.
kid	right because she already passed four she's nine I think.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	know why you get three and Leslie gets four.
cgv	why.
kid	because I love you and because Leslie is four.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy.
cgv	yeah.
kid	have you ever danced with a toy knife.
cgv	I don't think so have you.
kid	yeah I'll show you.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy how (a)bout one more cutout for you.
cgv	that's fine with me do you wan(t) (t)a go upstairs and get dressed.
kid	why don't you look.
cgv	at what.
kid	on the floor the one is for you and the pile is for Leslie.
