participant	content
cgv	that puzzle.
kid	yeah.
cgv	Daddy did.
kid	at school.
cgv	no at a store.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a paint I wan(t) (t)a paint.
cgv	what do you want to paint with.
kid	huh.
cgv	what do you want to paint with.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a paint with Tempra.
cgv	how (a)bout water colors.
kid	I just wan(t) (t)a paint with Tempra where the what you have that for.
kid	what you putted in there.
cgv	chili.
kid	oh I didn't know chili uh has to go into has to go into bowls.
cgv	well if we don't eat it all we have to store it.
kid	you have ta store it because store it because because +....
cgv	so that it won't spoil.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a watch you do that.
cgv	what.
kid	that.
cgv	I'm already done.
kid	where's my cow.
cgv	what are you doing Abe.
kid	I'm finding my cow and this.
cgv	how come.
kid	because.
cgv	just because.
kid	yeah just because where's the hippo.
kid	in a far away kingdom lived a king the king goed@n up and down up and down up and down.
cgv	Abe.
kid	yeah.
cgv	don't whisper I can't hear you.
kid	okay I can't talk because I wan(t) (t)a whisper.
cgv	oh I'd rather you talk because you tell such good stories.
kid	no I wan(t) (t)a whisper in a far away kingdom lived a hippo and a cow I'm gon (t)a put these away and then tell how [?] the hippo goes by himself okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	you're going to put the other animals away and tell a hippo story all by itself.
kid	yeah.
cgv	oh okay.
kid	okay clippety_cloppity@o clippety_cloppity@o clippety_cloppity@o clippety_cloppity@o clippety_cloppity@o bang.
kid	bang.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a play a game and then go hide and get a (Sur)prise okay.
cgv	you do huh.
kid	yeah.
cgv	maybe we'll play a game later on but not right now okay.
kid	play a hippo.
cgv	okay when we play a game we'll play with the hippo.
kid	okay I'm gon (t)a play with it on this.
cgv	okay.
kid	I can't I'm too little to play this game.
cgv	you're too little to play that game.
kid	yeah.
cgv	how come.
kid	because my mommy said I'm too short to play it.
cgv	Mommy said that you were too short to play the game.
kid	no just just for playing a hippo game.
cgv	oh just for a hippo game.
kid	yeah what are you doing doing.
kid	hey buttons.
kid	dummy buttons.
cgv	oh say what happened.
cgv	did you knock those out of the cup.
kid	no it was a cowboy.
cgv	a cowboy.
kid	and the hippo said something and the hippo saw something and something got the hippo then he goed@n and landed on the river then he jumped up and down up and down up and down I wan(t) (t)a paint I wan(t) (t)a paint I wan(t) (t)a paint I wan(t) (t)a paint I wan(t) (t)a paint with Tempra ones.
cgv	I can get the watercolors for you but I'm doing dishes right now and can't mix the temperas.
kid	where the Tempra ones.
cgv	the Tempra ones are ones I have to mix up.
kid	I want the Tempra ones oh mix up you mix em.
cgv	you'll have ta wait until I'm done with the dishes.
kid	who put this up here.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	I'm gon (t)a put it back here okay.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a put it right here so it can enjoy the music.
cgv	okay that's alright with me.
kid	who said that.
cgv	it was a coyote.
kid	don't kill.
cgv	I'm not.
kid	don't kill a cowboy.
cgv	oh I wouldn't kill a cowboy I like cowboys.
kid	don't kill his gun.
cgv	I wouldn't kill his gun.
kid	no no not a gun a fish is oh eat it up.
cgv	a fish is eating the gun up.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I'll tell you what that has got to be one of the hungriest fish I've ever seen.
kid	I'm gon (t)a make him jump over jump jump Daddy watch him get jump over a hippo said he's scared because he saw a cowboy.
cgv	the hippo's scared because he saw a cowboy.
kid	yeah I thought these were what are these kind of uh what are these kind of cookies.
cgv	those are looks like some kind of Christmas cookie.
kid	no we have ta don't make those because we have ta make ginger.
cgv	you're going to make gingerbread cookies.
kid	yeah we'll point some we have ta get the paint.
cgv	that's a good idea.
kid	can you help this because it goes up and down.
cgv	it wiggles.
kid	yeah.
cgv	let me see.
kid	maybe you have ta make it upside right it has one two three holes.
cgv	it has one two three holes huh.
kid	yeah.
cgv	well it wiggles because these are loose Abe come here.
kid	oh it wiggles because they are loose.
cgv	right it wiggles because these are loose now how do you think we can fix it.
kid	I don't know because it's tight(e)nin(g) up right now.
cgv	right.
cgv	we have to tighten it up see.
kid	this way we can play with the work+bench.
cgv	yeah now that it's tightened up we can play with the work+bench.
kid	are you too little do you have a work+bench Daddy.
cgv	do I have a work+bench.
kid	yeah.
cgv	not of my very own but we use the kitchen table like a work+bench around here don't we.
kid	can you know how to play bong_marble@c.
cgv	nope I'm afraid I don't know how to play bong_marble@c.
kid	I know how.
cgv	how.
kid	you get a big bong@c and then you play bong_marble@c.
cgv	you play with a big bong@c.
kid	no see that one you have to play with that one then you bong@c with your gun.
cgv	and you bong@c that marble with your gun.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what exactly is a bong@c.
kid	you bong@c it.
cgv	is it like hitting it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	oh how come you don't say we hit it then.
kid	because because it bongs@c with your gun.
cgv	oh so you bong@c it with your gun.
kid	yeah.
cgv	and what does that mean.
kid	you play bong_marble@c.
cgv	do you want to show me how.
kid	yeah I'm gon (t)a show you.
cgv	here.
kid	that big bong_marble@c is stuck when it falls down it opens up.
cgv	oh you want to get the marble out right.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I don't know if you can or not let me see no looks like it's been glued together.
kid	when when it breaks you can it opens up.
cgv	that's right but we don't want to break it since it's been glued.
kid	I think it's been glued by mm.
cgv	by who.
kid	by this glass.
cgv	oh it's been glued right there.
kid	yeah.
cgv	uhhuh you can see the glue right here who do you think glued it.
kid	I think someone uh I think who got we this that.
cgv	who got us this.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	Darrell.
kid	how come.
cgv	oh he just felt rich one day and said +"/..
cgv	+" here you guys can have this marble.
kid	you can't open up it because it's glued on.
cgv	uhhuh if you break it you have to glue it again right.
kid	uhhuh you have ta play bong_marble@c with a marble right.
kid	no not with these because they're little too short.
cgv	what is.
cgv	those sticks.
kid	no no these.
cgv	oh those marbles.
kid	yeah.
cgv	they're a little too small right.
kid	yeah.
cgv	how about if we play with a balloon.
kid	no that's not a marble.
cgv	we can pretend.
kid	no play with mine balloon.
cgv	okay am I supposed to hold it and you bong@c it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay I wan(t) (t)a see what a bong@c is oh it looks like you push it is that what a bong@c is.
kid	no you bong@c it.
cgv	you hit it with your gun.
kid	yeah.
cgv	and hitting it with your gun is called bonging@c it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	if you hit it with your hand what would that be called.
kid	um hitting ball.
cgv	hit ball.
kid	yeah watch this Mom.
cgv	tell Mommy what that is.
kid	it's bonging@c when you bong@c it with your gun.
cgv	oh what if I held it up here.
cgv	would you be able to bong@c it better.
kid	yeah.
cgv	where's it go Abe.
kid	it goes right in there.
cgv	Abe what if Mommy kicked it.
cgv	what would it be called.
kid	bong_kick@c.
cgv	bong_kick@c.
kid	yeah you can kick it because (be)cause bong_kick@c Mommy you hold it again I falled@n down +....
cgv	are you alright Abe.
kid	I can't talk I'm dead.
cgv	oh how come.
kid	I falled@n down I wan(t) (t)a paint with the Tempras.
cgv	are you sure.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	Abe kids are sledding out on the hill why don't we go.
kid	not now you get cough syrup when you have a owie you get cough syrup when you have a owie.
cgv	that's for a sore throat Abe not for owies.
cgv	how come you don't want to go slide down the hill.
kid	because because I like to stay in (be)cause it takes me so long to get into this house.
cgv	that doesn't matter Abe you need fresh air.
kid	Mommy look at this.
cgv	uhhuh two hippos.
kid	mm and this hippo got up and this hippo layed down and (a)nother hippo said +"/..
kid	+" oh no.
cgv	what's happening.
kid	I'm telling a story he he a hippo jumped in this pot.
cgv	a hippo jumped in that pot.
cgv	how come.
kid	because he was he didn't had placed to sleep then the then the then the other hippo didn't had some real big ears and they'll grow up like this their daddy here's a daddy and the little hippo said +"/..
kid	+" where's my mommy.
kid	the daddy hippy hippo] said +"/..
kid	+" her goed@n to a bunny_bing@c.
cgv	a bunny_bing@c.
kid	yeah.
cgv	boy I wish I knew what that was.
kid	it's like a dentist when you go fix teeth.
cgv	oh a bunny_bing@c is a place where you go to get your teeth fixed.
kid	yeah that what they're called.
cgv	if I had a tooth pulled what would that be called.
kid	huh.
cgv	if I had a tooth pulled at the bunny_bing@c what would that be called.
kid	I don't know what you're talking about Mommy I don't know what Stan's talking about I can't understand him.
cgv	that's understandable I don't think he knows what he's talking about either.
cgv	Abe why don't we go get our coats on and go play in the snow.
cgv	okay.
kid	after we after I paint a nice picture of that Santa Claus.
cgv	you're going to paint a picture of Santa Claus.
kid	and a witch.
cgv	and a witch.
kid	yeah.
cgv	why don't we go out now and you can paint when we come back in.
kid	no I wan(t) (t)a paint when I'm through painting.
cgv	okay.
kid	why you have that pin there.
cgv	I hurt my thumb today and that pin holds the bandaid together.
kid	with that pin you will hurt yourself.
cgv	no I won't it's sticking in the bandage not in me.
kid	oh red and blue mix there's his beard there's his beard and there's his foot and there's his leg I got ta put a foot on it there's a foot there's another foot and two eyes.
cgv	what's that.
kid	it's a broken snake he killed.
cgv	it's a broken snake that Santa Claus killed.
kid	yeah.
cgv	are you sure.
kid	some Santa Clauses killed snakes I'm through right now and I made a picture of you.
cgv	is that a picture of me.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I thought it was a picture of Santa Claus.
kid	yeah that's you.
cgv	that's me with Santa Claus.
kid	yeah he got you this &pr this a little present for you.
cgv	oh wow.
kid	no.
kid	a picture you are in a picture and Santa Claus is in a picture I painted you.
cgv	I'm so glad do you want to paint another picture or do you want to go outside.
kid	I'm uh after this I'm gon (t)a paint a picture.
cgv	okay.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a make a witch this side uh here's a letter here's a letter from Abe to Stan.
cgv	that's a letter from Abe to Stan.
kid	yeah.
cgv	how nice.
kid	next time you will hang that picture up for for your birthday party.
cgv	that's a picture for my birthday party.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that's so nice.
kid	not now it's not your birthday party right now.
cgv	I know but I'll save it.
kid	now it's turning into a dog.
cgv	you're making a dog.
kid	yeah now it's turning into a dog.
cgv	it was a letter and now it's turning into a dog huh.
kid	no that's a letter and this is a dog thing and now it's turning into a dog.
cgv	oh I think I'll hang this on the wall okay.
kid	why you are touching that when it is not dry.
cgv	oh I thought I'd hang it up but I'll wait until it dries a little more that's a good idea.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a hang this and this too.
cgv	okay.
kid	I want to hang them when they are dry.
cgv	okay that's what we'll do.
kid	I guess I'm through right now.
cgv	do you want to paint another one.
kid	no.
cgv	why don't you paint a picture of Mommy and Santa Claus.
cgv	oh you're painting a square when did you learn to do that.
kid	in five and four minutes and and when I growed@n up at the biggest school.
cgv	oh what's that.
kid	it's a number it's a number.
cgv	what number.
cgv	a nine.
kid	now it's a q@l.
cgv	it sure is that's pretty good Abe now it's a q@l.
kid	(ex)cept you were wrong.
cgv	I was wrong.
cgv	what is it now.
kid	it's a q@l.
cgv	oh and I thought it was a nine I was wrong.
kid	what is the letter now.
cgv	it looks like a q@l to me.
kid	it's a x@l.
cgv	the red part's an x@l.
kid	yeah this part is a x@l.
cgv	that part's an x@l too.
kid	now it's turning into a doggie.
cgv	it's going to turn into a dog.
cgv	you sure do know a lot of tricks.
kid	they're footprints I don't know how to make Santa Claus.
cgv	you don't know how to make Santa Claus.
kid	no no I don't know how to make Mommy also.
cgv	well why don't you just try.
kid	no I'm through painting.
cgv	okay are you ready to go outside.
kid	I'm gon (t)a go get my hands washed first.
cgv	okay.
kid	I'm gon (t)a go take this picture to Mommy.
cgv	okay go ahead.
kid	that's a q@l and a x@l and that's a doggy.
cgv	what a nice picture let me give you a hug.
kid	ow you hurted myself.
cgv	I'm sorry do you want to go outside now.
kid	uhhuh my Daddy too.
cgv	uhhuh he's coming too.
kid	when we get in the house from the snow can I have some ice cream.
cgv	ice cream.
kid	yeah.
cgv	we'll see but I bet hot chocolate would taste a lot better.
kid	and ice cream hot chocolate and ice cream okay.
cgv	we'll see +....
