participant	content
kid	trying to get my shirt on.
cgv	oh do you want me to help you.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay go get your socks on.
kid	how do you think they gotted@n killed.
kid	or laying down.
cgv	huh.
kid	do you think they gotted@n killed or they were just laying down.
cgv	I think they were just laying down.
kid	these are my cowboy boots Daddy are all my cowboy I mean is aren't all of my shirts cowboy shirts.
cgv	they can be huh.
kid	huh.
cgv	yeah do you need some help with that.
kid	I I want it right here.
cgv	that's not tight enough is it.
kid	it's alright for me.
cgv	is it.
kid	yeah if I was big as you I'd have to put it right there.
cgv	oh now put your socks on.
kid	why did you bring down those ones.
cgv	I didn't bring these down those are the ones you took off last night.
kid	immortality.
cgv	what does that mean.
kid	that means a new world.
cgv	immortality.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	do you know what that means.
kid	what.
cgv	it means live for a long long time never die it means you never die the mailman already came.
kid	yep I'm sure I saw him.
cgv	well we didn't get anything.
kid	that's what I already told you.
cgv	yep is that your tower.
kid	what tower.
cgv	the tower of blocks.
kid	no somebody else builded it somebody builded it that when I wasn't (ex)cept I builded it a different way that's how I like it.
cgv	you like it like that.
kid	uhhuh what if the baby is a girl.
cgv	what baby.
kid	Mommy's baby.
cgv	then it would be a sister right.
kid	right then we would have two boys and we would have two girls.
cgv	uhhuh where are you going.
kid	I was going to get you Daddy.
cgv	what.
kid	I'm going to build this a lot different (ex)cept can I take it down.
cgv	you sure can I didn't build it.
kid	I guess Mommy didn't either.
cgv	who do you think did.
kid	Leslie or somebody else.
cgv	oh.
kid	or a nice policeman.
cgv	how would a nice policeman have built it.
cgv	huh.
kid	I wouldn't know Daddy I'm gon (t)a tell you what I'm going to build a neat thing.
cgv	huh.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" the little one is a hard one to balance.
kid	I'm going to make a long boat for big for a lot of people.
cgv	what are you going to make.
kid	a long boat.
cgv	oh.
kid	for a lot of people it should be the longest boat in the world.
cgv	how come.
kid	I saw one before it was even longer than a whole house or a whole apartment.
cgv	wow.
kid	or a whole jungle or a whole jungle Dad.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah it was.
cgv	I'm going to sweep move that.
kid	would that be sweepened@c.
cgv	if you don't move it.
kid	I'll move it can I show you how long the boat was.
cgv	yeah.
kid	it was as long as this.
cgv	that's not even as long as our room.
kid	I mean longer than our whole house it was it was real long.
cgv	oh that's just a model of the real one.
kid	right I saw this kind at a airport like that that's how it was that's how it was Dad you know something else.
cgv	what.
kid	that could hold millions of people too.
cgv	oh.
kid	it's real sturdy you know something else.
cgv	what.
kid	if this hitted a tidal wave this wouldn't break either would the people lay down.
cgv	what.
kid	if a tidal wave hitted that that would still be upside up.
cgv	oh.
kid	that's big enough for people and animals.
cgv	would the people fall down.
kid	nope no one would fall down they have seats with seat belts they won't fall down Daddy this is how much pets it would hold.
cgv	a lot huh.
kid	yeah.
cgv	how come the people are taking the animals on the boat.
kid	because this is allowed to hold pets too.
cgv	oh it's just a boat that can hold pets.
kid	and and people do you know something else.
cgv	what.
kid	about this boat.
cgv	what.
kid	this would even hold a lot of pets even more than this you know it.
cgv	I didn't know that but I believe you.
kid	that holds this many until the other boat comes.
cgv	is that a boat too.
kid	yeah this one's even longer than the whole world.
kid	that one's longer than this whole world.
kid	both of them are.
kid	do you know why they bring sails along with em too.
kid	because the pets stay on this one and the people climb on the other one Daddy why did you tape that ladder onto Chop_woods's bed.
cgv	didn't you want me to do that.
kid	I wanted to pretend that people on here could climb up to there.
cgv	oh well the ladder's taped on.
kid	yep (ex)cept can you take it off and on.
cgv	don't you have another ladder around here.
kid	a little one.
cgv	let me see how big it is.
kid	okay I couldn't find it it was a red one.
cgv	is it in there.
kid	no I could tape this one on to that one that could work so people could climb you know why.
kid	the people and the climb Daddy I'll hold it.
cgv	okay what do you think.
cgv	how's it working.
kid	fine Dad through this that's better.
cgv	did they all make it Abe.
kid	not yet they all are going to make it for sure this one has to climb up that one just stays there you know why.
cgv	why.
kid	nobody could even move it not even the water not even the wind.
cgv	that boat's so strong that it can just stay where it wants to.
kid	yep and it's even stronger than a tidal wave.
cgv	wow.
kid	whoops.
kid	that's not even stronger than a tidal wave (ex)cept for sure if you want to get back on you'd have to jump really high that wasn't even a.
cgv	what happened Abe.
kid	a tidal wave hitted this one.
cgv	and it got knocked over.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	did a tidal wave hit this one.
kid	oh nope know what something else.
kid	could I see if the guy could hold this.
cgv	sure.
kid	know what.
cgv	what buddy.
kid	you know which one's the fireman.
kid	none of em.
cgv	none of em.
kid	yep no tidal wave hitted that one but Chop_wood hitted the people.
cgv	what happened.
kid	a tidal wave didn't hit that one but Chop_wood hitted the people.
cgv	did he do it on purpose.
kid	no he just fell down she has to swim to another ocean.
cgv	what.
kid	she has to swim to another ocean.
cgv	oh.
kid	you know why they want to get all the pets.
kid	the pets have to get on there.
cgv	how come.
kid	because more people have to get on and more things too.
cgv	oh more animals.
kid	uhhuh this boat comed@n back with more animals whoops do you know what happened.
cgv	what.
kid	there was a little thing that hitted this that's what happened why do you think Chop_wood's leaving his skindiver suit on.
cgv	huh.
kid	those are his pajamas.
cgv	they are.
cgv	he's going swimming in his pajamas.
kid	no he never goes swimming you know why the animals gotted@n up there.
cgv	how come.
kid	there was a dinosaur.
cgv	oh.
kid	those parts are the best.
cgv	those parts of the boat.
kid	uhhuh I'm making a new pole a fancy one.
cgv	oh.
kid	I'm going to use this for a rocking chair more things are coming there now.
cgv	more animals.
kid	yeah.
cgv	is there a flood.
kid	what's a flood.
cgv	was there a flood and that's how come all the animals came.
kid	no that just stays there and another boat comes along and then they jump.
cgv	oh.
kid	she jumped on the space thing.
cgv	who did.
kid	the cat did.
cgv	what happened to that boat.
kid	which boat.
cgv	that one you're fixing.
kid	I don't know I was just making three space_boards@c you know why.
kid	because there were three people who wanted to go to space if there were four one would have to wait his turn.
cgv	are space_boards@c seats.
kid	no they're space_boards@c.
cgv	oh.
