participant	content
kid	I just looked for stuff we could keep that's what I did.
cgv	did you find anything.
kid	yeah that.
cgv	you found this.
kid	yeah and and some other stuff too.
cgv	you found this outside.
kid	yeah see.
kid	this is how like this.
cgv	okay that's neat how did you know to do that.
kid	I saw someone else playing with this and so so I got this.
cgv	oh.
kid	I found part of a balloon too.
cgv	you found part of a balloon too.
kid	uhhuh where's that club.
cgv	I don't know where did you put it.
kid	I don't know how (a)bout that thing um um hey right here here's my club what about that other club.
cgv	where'd you put it.
kid	I don't know it must be in here somewhere.
cgv	did you see any of your friends outside.
kid	no I didn't see any of them Daddy I don't know where my club is that little club is.
cgv	did you find those outside too.
kid	huh.
kid	these.
cgv	yeah.
kid	no if someone else had something like this I could punch with them.
cgv	I'll punch you anyway ow.
cgv	that hurts.
kid	that was funny.
cgv	ow.
kid	why aren't you punching.
cgv	I'm going to finish eating these okay.
kid	okay see that club.
kid	see that club I gotted@n.
kid	see that thin club.
cgv	where.
kid	that thin club.
cgv	where.
kid	no I mean that thin club oh well I'll use this and this these two clubs Daddy don't you like this.
cgv	like what.
kid	like this.
cgv	yeah I like that.
kid	Daddy how (a)bout you could do this.
cgv	that's too small.
kid	you could do it anyway.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I wan(t) (t)a punch with you.
cgv	why don't you go practice punching for awhile.
cgv	why don't you punch the lion.
kid	what lion.
kid	oh I see Daddy did you know I hurt my toe.
cgv	how'd you do that.
kid	I fell when I was playing in the sandbox.
cgv	is your toe okay now.
kid	uhhuh it didn't bleed you know it just hurted.
cgv	oh here you go.
kid	did I hear someone say +"/..
kid	+" here you go.
cgv	yeah you heard that I said it did you have fun while we were camping.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what did you like best.
kid	going fishing.
cgv	you liked that best.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what else did you like.
kid	I liked dinosaurs too.
cgv	you liked what.
kid	dinosaurs and camping.
cgv	you saw dinosaurs while we were camping.
kid	yeah they were just alligator dinosaurs now can you punch.
cgv	not yet did you see any of your friends outside.
kid	no I told you that.
cgv	oh I'm sorry I forgot.
kid	you have little toe you have a littler toe than than I do.
cgv	a littler toe.
cgv	which one's littler than yours.
kid	this one.
cgv	that's bigger than yours.
kid	it's littlest because it has a little toe nail.
cgv	oh.
kid	this is bigger and this is bigger and this is bigger and this is the biggest Daddy why do you have the biggest toe.
kid	I have the biggest toe.
cgv	that's not the biggest toe.
kid	I saw a bug on you.
cgv	thanks for hitting it.
kid	a alligator was on your knee.
cgv	I'm glad you got him off do you want to go to bed now or stay up for a while.
kid	stay up some more.
cgv	hey leave all that stuff there.
kid	put it in your pocket.
cgv	why.
cgv	I will when I'm done wipe your fingers on your clothes.
kid	I don't want it on my clothes there Daddy I wiped my hands somewhere else.
cgv	good.
kid	I wiped them on the back of your desk.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I didn't want to put it right here so I put it on the bottom of your desk in the back let's punch now let's punch now okay.
cgv	okay just a second I'll use that.
kid	you'll use this.
cgv	yeah but not right now I want to finish doing this first okay.
kid	okay I'll throw my up and catch it I want to play outside now okay.
cgv	stay in for just a little while it's raining a little now why don't you tell me +....
kid	tell you what.
kid	what.
cgv	tell me about the hike you and Mommy took last night.
kid	well the hike was we went to the lake and on the way back to our camp we there was a piece of wood like a alligator I found that.
cgv	I remember that it was so big.
kid	how was it big.
cgv	remember how big it was.
kid	yeah.
cgv	it was as big as an alligator wasn't it.
kid	yeah I'll see you in a little while I'm going outside I'm gon (t)a take the stuff I found outside with me.
cgv	what.
kid	I'm gon (t)a take the stuff I found outside.
cgv	what are you going to do with it.
kid	just gon (t)a play with it just the stuff I found outside right now.
cgv	you mean when you were just out.
kid	yeah I'm gon (t)a take this out too.
cgv	you're not gon (t)a go outside are you.
kid	why.
kid	I'm just going to play in the sandbox.
cgv	you can do that tomorrow morning as soon as you get up okay.
kid	(ex)cept I can do it now that would be nice I wan(t) (t)a play with this stuff outside I just wan(t) (t)a play with it outside instead of inside how's Mommy do this.
cgv	what.
kid	how's Mommy do this.
cgv	she ties it.
kid	could you tie it.
cgv	sure bring it over here.
kid	this is really little I don't wan(t) (t)a play with it inside I wan(t) (t)a be it.
cgv	what.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a play outside I wan(t) (t)a play outside for a little while.
cgv	okay go ahead.
kid	here it is here is the big club I found outside.
cgv	you can go out for five minutes it's almost time for bed.
kid	just for five.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	(ex)cept is it five a lot.
cgv	five minutes that's a short time hey wait why don't you stay in.
cgv	it's getting late.
kid	why.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go stay out.
cgv	why don't you go see if anybody else is out.
cgv	leave your truck in and go see.
kid	and then I could take my truck.
cgv	go out and see and then we'll decide.
kid	and I could wait for someone else I could play with Leslie.
cgv	how come you stayed out that long.
kid	was that five minutes.
cgv	yeah come on in now what did you do while you were out there.
kid	I wanted to take my truck out there and you didn't let me.
cgv	I told you to come right back in were there any other kids out there.
kid	just a baby.
cgv	huh.
kid	just a baby just a infant not a kid.
cgv	what do you want to do.
kid	play.
cgv	why don't you play inside.
kid	why.
cgv	because it's getting late.
kid	the lights aren't on.
cgv	okay go out and ride your truck for just a little while.
kid	isn't this full.
cgv	it sure is.
kid	just for one minute.
cgv	that's right.
kid	I found the other punch thing for you.
cgv	you did.
cgv	where did you find these.
kid	close to that hill.
cgv	you have to take them back outside they're somebody else's.
kid	okay blow that up.
cgv	I will let me finish eating this cheese.
kid	cheese.
kid	what kind of cheese.
cgv	this is the last bite do you want it.
kid	no.
cgv	what all did you do when you were outside.
kid	just looked around how (a)bout I could use both of them.
cgv	if you want to.
kid	okay after we're through playing with em let's go I will go outside and put them away okay.
cgv	huh.
kid	after we play with them I will go outside and put em away where they were okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	these are funny punch balls.
cgv	do you have to go to school tomorrow.
kid	I think so.
cgv	let's see tomorrow's Tuesday nope you don't go to school until Wednesday.
kid	Wednesday.
cgv	how come you keep falling down.
kid	my laughing makes me fall down.
cgv	your laughing.
kid	yeah Daddy this is the air is blowing out Dad the air's blowing out.
cgv	the air's coming out.
kid	yeah.
cgv	here.
kid	I'm gon (t)a put em outside now okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	let's do it some more when the sun comes up okay.
cgv	we'll see.
kid	how (a)bout we could do it some more now.
kid	then we could quit okay.
kid	okay.
kid	how (a)bout we could do it some more.
kid	zero (o)kay.
kid	blow this one up again you blow this up for me okay.
