participant	content
cgv	know what Stan.
cgv	Abe can ride up a steep incline without getting off his bike.
cgv	wow.
kid	what.
kid	what is that.
cgv	remember that hill that was like this a steep incline and you went up it on your bike you peddled up all the way remember.
kid	uhhuh then I got afraid of of a guy with a big gun a rifle.
cgv	you saw someone with a rifle.
kid	yeah.
cgv	where.
kid	he had a big rifle.
cgv	what did you say when you saw him.
kid	I just got afraid.
cgv	oh.
kid	so I goed@n away and away and I cried.
cgv	is that why you were crying.
kid	yeah he was going that way.
cgv	do you know who he was.
cgv	what did he look like.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	was it Greggy.
kid	no.
cgv	was it Andy.
kid	no maybe it was Too_too.
cgv	Too_too.
kid	yeah here Mom.
cgv	drink that one little sip so I don't have to throw it away.
kid	no hey you almost didn't know when to stop.
cgv	I knew exactly when to stop and I didn't spill any of it.
kid	(ex)cept you didn't when.
cgv	I filled it to the brim but I didn't spill it no.
kid	how come.
cgv	because it'll make a big mess.
kid	I didn't I didn't.
cgv	are your ears full of wax.
kid	no don't say my ears are full of wax.
cgv	I don't know I've noticed a lot of bees flying around there lately let me see no.
kid	now how (a)bout this.
cgv	nope no bees.
kid	how (a)bout on my head.
cgv	let me see I think there are a few ant hills up there.
kid	where's the ant hills.
cgv	they make it when there's a lot of dirt your head's really dirty.
kid	you're dirty shoo fly shoo fly shoo fly shoo fly shoo fly.
cgv	is that your fly+swatter.
kid	yeah that tickles shoo fly shoo fly shoo fly shoo fly shoo fly shoo fly shoo fly.
cgv	what are you thinking about Abe.
kid	I don't know look down there a shoo+fly's down there Mommy a big shoo+fly's down there.
cgv	did you get it.
kid	no.
cgv	is it stuck or something.
cgv	look at this shoo+fly Stan.
kid	no that's not a shoo+fly.
cgv	oh.
kid	hey hey Mommy a money's under there.
cgv	no do you know what that's there for.
kid	no.
cgv	it's to keep the glass off the wood see.
cgv	there's one in each corner see.
cgv	and they're supposed to stay there so don't dig em out.
kid	how come.
cgv	I just explained why they were there to keep the glass off the wood do you wan(t) (t)a play with some puzzles.
kid	first I'm gon (t)a drink my hot chocolate poop poop I pooped in my hot chocolate.
kid	I was teasing.
cgv	what a relief.
kid	poop poop I pooped in it again.
kid	I was just teasing I was teasing you I was teasing you I was teasing you I was pretending (ex)cept you didn't know that I got water in my throat and it maked me cough.
cgv	you better be careful is that bread good.
kid	huh.
cgv	is that bread good.
kid	yeah do you want this.
cgv	no.
kid	I do.
cgv	go ahead and eat it.
kid	do you want this Daddy.
cgv	what.
kid	do you want this.
kid	do you want the peanut butter Daddy.
cgv	no you go ahead and eat it what did you do when you went outside.
kid	I played.
cgv	what did you play.
cgv	did you tell Dad what was in the sandbox this morning.
kid	a saw and a screwdriver.
cgv	a real saw.
cgv	oh.
kid	and a screwdriver also a screwdriver.
cgv	uhhuh do you remember the boards.
cgv	what did you do with them.
kid	I cutted them down and they fell down they fell down right down beside you they fell down right down beside you they fell down right down beside you they fell down on the table and on the ball they fell down on the ceiling and on the wall too.
cgv	they did not we were outside playing in the sandbox we weren't in the house.
kid	do you want this.
cgv	no do you want me to throw that away for you.
kid	yeah.
cgv	here put it all on here that'll make everything easier.
kid	okay.
cgv	maybe you could mail that to Daddy and he could eat it at school.
kid	mail that to Daddy.
kid	of course I could do that.
cgv	why don't you just give it to him.
kid	here Dad.
cgv	thank you Abe hey what are you gon (t)a do.
kid	I'm gon (t)a throw this to you.
cgv	okay go ahead here Ann.
cgv	okay come here and pick it up.
cgv	okay Abe come help me.
kid	no.
cgv	you better you threw it first.
kid	I throwed it to you (ex)cept I didn't miss.
cgv	oh and I missed.
kid	yeah (ex)cept I always don't miss.
cgv	sometimes you do.
cgv	you never miss.
kid	yeah I never miss you miss sometimes don't throw it away.
cgv	I had to it was getting all over the floor.
kid	Mommy.
cgv	huh.
kid	where's the ball you were playing.
cgv	which ball.
kid	the ball that had a string sticking out.
cgv	it's right there.
kid	oh I'm holding on to your long long legs.
cgv	oh no what am I going to do.
cgv	a monster's got me.
kid	hey let's play football.
cgv	hey not in the house.
cgv	no more that ball's too big it'll break a lot of things you can play with your smaller balls if you want to.
kid	hey this is really neat Mom.
cgv	what is.
kid	this little car.
cgv	do you have races with it.
kid	yeah and it goes real fast and it goes up into the sky and then it lands.
cgv	where's it land.
kid	I'll show you see.
cgv	wow you almost made it to the moon.
kid	wow it goed@n right here and it got a crash o:h it got a bad crash Daddy let's play races.
cgv	I can't right now let my finish reading this and then I will.
kid	okay oh a good crash it got a good crash it goed@n over that there that's a good crash too.
cgv	Abe don't throw your car on the desk okay.
kid	okay oops I'm sorry.
cgv	come get your car off the desk.
kid	this was a bad crash this was a bad crash in four months no one gotted@n it in four months.
cgv	what happened in four months.
cgv	or four months ago.
cgv	whatever.
kid	four months this happened and it was a bad crash.
cgv	oh.
kid	but no one got hurted.
cgv	how lucky.
kid	here Mom.
cgv	are you all finished with it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	do you want to work with your puzzles.
kid	huh.
cgv	do you want to work with your puzzles.
kid	yeah that was a funny racing car game did you know that.
cgv	yeah.
kid	it goed@n up to Daddy's desk two times.
cgv	two whole times.
kid	two whole times yeah hey what is this.
cgv	that's the air pump gasket you put the air pump on it and air goes in and the tire expands.
kid	hey look I have a doggie what's your name.
cgv	my name's Ann what are you and your friend's names.
kid	I'm Yuppy.
cgv	hi Yuppy.
kid	hi Yuppy's getting this piece out.
cgv	yeah Yuppy's pretty smart.
kid	Yuppy is gon (t)a get em all out you could put it together Momma.
cgv	no let's see if you can hey I see some thing that you have.
kid	let's see.
cgv	what else you have that's in this picture do you have that.
kid	I have a sweater.
cgv	uhhuh what's behind the sweater.
kid	I don't know a football I have a football.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	what's behind what's on the boy.
cgv	what's on his head.
kid	a hat I have a hat.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	and the other boy has a gun.
cgv	what about these Abe.
kid	I have tennis shoes.
cgv	yeah.
kid	they're on me already.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	what do you have.
cgv	I have on Winter shoes.
kid	those are not Winter shoes those are not Winter shoes you have on Mom they are inside boots.
cgv	they're Winter boots see.
cgv	they have fur inside they're Winter shoes that you can wear outside or inside.
kid	Yuppy my puppy Yuppy is pretty smart Yuppy is really smart.
cgv	he is.
kid	yeah really smart to put all these things in.
cgv	where did you get such a smart dog.
kid	Edna and Mike got it to me hey a@l b@l c@l d@l e@l f@l g@l h@l i@l j@l k@l l@l m@l n@l o@l p@l q@l r@l s@l t@l u@l v@l w@l x@l y@l z@l now I know my abcs next time won't you sing with me.
cgv	Yuppy you're so smart I didn't know Yuppy knew his abcs did you teach him.
kid	I was just making his sounds.
cgv	oh.
kid	Yuppy's pretty smart to put all the puzzle pieces in.
cgv	you're pretty smart to show her how.
kid	did I do these sides.
cgv	yeah.
kid	Yuppy did all these other sides.
cgv	oh do you want to try this one.
kid	yeah is this where the horns go.
cgv	yeah.
kid	hey you need you need some help where's the horn at.
kid	horn hey where's the shells.
kid	where's the shells I got.
cgv	I don't know where they are listen do you think there are shells in here.
kid	yeah there are shells in there we have shells too hey look I'm gon (t)a listen to the sea in here.
cgv	do you hear it.
cgv	or is it a little bit too small.
kid	little bit too small can you get this off.
cgv	let me see can you hear anything.
kid	yeah it sounds like the sea hey this looks like a leopard one.
cgv	yeah it sure does.
kid	hey this is glued on.
cgv	I know I can't get it off.
kid	hey this one is supposed to come off.
cgv	can you get it off.
kid	hey these are the same as these (ex)cept this one is a little one see.
cgv	uhhuh they do look a lot alike did you show Daddy your plant.
kid	oh see the corn I planted.
cgv	wow.
cgv	that's pretty nice.
kid	I made it by myself.
cgv	was that hard.
kid	no it's gon (t)a be corn for you and Mommy and me and pretend corn for Yuppy and Lovey.
cgv	pretend corn for Yuppy and Lovey.
kid	yeah (be)cause they always are pretend.
cgv	Yuppy and Lovey are pretend.
kid	yeah they're my pretend friends see.
kid	they're toys.
cgv	uhhuh.
