participant	content
cgv	tell me what happened today.
kid	we went to the fair and looked at lots of stuff and I Mommy found arrowheads.
cgv	what.
kid	Mommy found arrowheads.
cgv	she did.
kid	yeah we didn't bring em home.
cgv	where were they.
kid	they were inside.
cgv	at the fair.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	what else did you do at the fair.
kid	get lots of stuff.
cgv	did you ride on the slide.
kid	yeah (ex)cept we (ex)cept we rided on em with rugs.
cgv	was that fun.
kid	yeah.
cgv	will you take me to the fair next week.
kid	I hope so.
cgv	I hope so too.
kid	we need to bring my Momma.
cgv	huh.
kid	we need to bring my Momma.
cgv	we'll all go together.
kid	yeah (ex)cept who else.
cgv	just me you and Mom do you know what we need to do tonight.
kid	what.
cgv	yesterday was Keith's birthday and we forgot to call him so should we call him tonight.
kid	if it's if it's still his birthday.
cgv	it's not still his birthday (be)cause his birthday was yesterday but we can call him and say +"/..
cgv	+" we're sorry we forgot.
cgv	right.
kid	okay Mom I see Mom.
cgv	Mommy's home good deal.
cgv	did you tell Daddy we went to the fair.
kid	we went to the fair Dad I was telling Dad about it.
cgv	did you tell him about the forest ranger's look+out.
kid	I got to go up and look out and look from a forest ranger's look+out tower.
cgv	did you see any forest fires.
kid	no.
cgv	how tall was it.
kid	look how tall in the picture.
cgv	wow.
cgv	did you tell Dad about the slide.
cgv	he did and he told me you needed something special to slide on it.
cgv	what was it.
kid	rug Mommy went on with me.
cgv	she did.
kid	because Mommy didn't get two rugs we shared one rug you have to come on these next time.
cgv	I want to.
kid	I got surprises I'll show you surprise that was on my shirt.
cgv	okay.
kid	it's fun.
cgv	is it.
kid	yeah it's on my shirt still are you ready to get it.
cgv	a button let me see what it says it says +"/..
cgv	+" kiss Abe on the tummy.
cgv	okay come here.
kid	it doesn't say that.
cgv	I'm just teasing.
kid	look Dad look Daddy.
cgv	wow what a neat hat.
kid	where's my cowboy hat.
kid	did you forgot to take it home Mom.
cgv	no it's here.
kid	oh look Dad I got one more cowboy hat.
cgv	Mom look at this cowboy.
cgv	I know.
kid	didn't I didn't I sleep real late Mom.
cgv	we both did we had a nice nap.
kid	I slept later than you did.
cgv	yeah but not much.
kid	Mom we have to call Keith today right Dad.
kid	it was Keith's birthday yesterday and we forgot to call Happy Birthday I'm gon (t)a call him and say +"/..
kid	+" Happy Birthday Keith.
cgv	come here and let me see that hat.
kid	huh.
cgv	I want to look at your new hat.
kid	it's made out of paper it could rip easily.
cgv	what would happen if it ripped.
kid	then we would have to tape it it ripped already.
cgv	it did.
kid	yeah we already taped it.
cgv	can I see if it fits me.
kid	yeah.
cgv	does it.
kid	it need to go down it fits me too it needs to go like this and I got one engineer Mom where's my engineer.
cgv	huh.
kid	where's my engineer.
cgv	I think it's on the table.
kid	oh I like it to go like this because I want to see it better.
cgv	let me see.
kid	Daddy you're breaking that that could rip easily.
cgv	I think it goes like this.
kid	no how did you do that.
cgv	do you like it like that.
kid	no.
cgv	where did you get all those hats.
kid	I got two of em.
cgv	where did you get em.
kid	I'll show you what else I got for for a surprise.
cgv	okay.
kid	this (ex)cept Mommy was carrying it and look what it got.
cgv	what.
kid	ripped.
cgv	how did that happen.
kid	Mommy was carrying it Mommy can't you tape it.
kid	could I get a pop+up from your house.
kid	how come.
kid	I could.
kid	how come.
cgv	Abe what else happened at the fair.
kid	just too much I couldn't tell you I forgot.
cgv	here's a surprise guess what it is.
kid	candy.
cgv	no.
kid	a peanut I didn't want this I wanted something else.
cgv	did you already eat you popsicle.
kid	no I saved it for after dinner when John eated with us (ex)cept I forgot it can I eat it now.
cgv	how (a)bout half.
kid	yeah half.
cgv	here you go.
kid	thanks I got half of a popsicle and I got the other half too.
cgv	tell Dad what you got to eat at the fair.
kid	I got candy.
cgv	candy.
cgv	cotton candy.
kid	I didn't eat it all because Momma throwed it away.
cgv	she did.
kid	yeah.
cgv	well when I go to the fair you know what we can do.
kid	you get one and I get one.
cgv	right and we'll both eat it.
kid	I don't want this throw it away.
cgv	did you see any animals at the fair.
kid	we saw lots of em (ex)cept we didn't see the horses.
cgv	uhhuh we went and saw that horse show.
kid	well we didn't see the other horse shows.
cgv	in the stalls.
kid	yeah.
cgv	tell Dad about the horse show we saw.
kid	did one fall down.
cgv	they were jumping over the ramps.
kid	and then one comed@n first and and and the one that was jumping made the poles fall down.
cgv	did the horse get hurt.
kid	no (be)cause the man on the microphone said he didn't.
cgv	oh are you going to take me to see that show Abe.
kid	yeah are we going to take Daddy to see that show.
cgv	we can.
kid	we saw a big ape (ex)cept it had sharp teeth.
cgv	real sharp.
cgv	like mine.
kid	no.
cgv	sharper than mine.
kid	not sharper than yours they were just plastic sharp the rest of him was plastic.
cgv	a plastic ape.
kid	yeah he wasn't real.
cgv	what would you have done if that ape would have said +"/..
cgv	+" hi Abe.
kid	I would say +"/..
kid	+" hi dum+dum.
cgv	what.
kid	I would say +"/..
kid	+" hi dum+dum.
kid	if he was real.
cgv	oh.
kid	because I didn't want him to bite me.
cgv	what else did you see.
kid	pigs they were sleeping.
cgv	how long did you stay at the fair.
kid	I don't know how long (ex)cept I didn't just see the ape and horses I saw plastic horses you could ride on.
cgv	plastic horses.
kid	you could ride on.
cgv	oh.
kid	remember that ball we got tomorrow.
cgv	what.
kid	(re)member that ball we got when you played softball tomorrow.
cgv	you mean yesterday.
kid	yeah yesterday tomorrow.
cgv	no just yesterday how come you and Mommy were so tired today.
kid	because we got tired at the fair.
cgv	tell Daddy about the bees.
kid	there was a beehive and and the bee and the bee house (ex)cept the bee house was covered and you could see the bee house because because it wasn't covered from from a cover (ex)cept (ex)cept a bee house was inside (ex)cept (ex)cept the bees in the bee+house were the bees and the bee+house were inside inside some some glass and some wood (ex)cept they weren't smashed because the glass and the wood were inside and they put it together.
cgv	you could see the bees (be)cause they were inside some glass.
kid	yeah you could have sawed too (be)cause there weren't any covers.
cgv	I could have seen em.
kid	yeah.
cgv	how come I didn't see em.
kid	(be)cause you had to go to school.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	look how red my lips are getting.
cgv	they're really getting red alright.
kid	can you read this now.
cgv	where did you get this dinosaur book.
kid	where the other where the rest of the books were.
cgv	at the fair.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	which part do you want me to read.
kid	I'll show ya where the fire that wasn't real was.
cgv	where the what.
kid	where the fire was here.
cgv	how come you don't think that was real.
kid	it's in the pages.
cgv	oh it's just a picture.
kid	yeah do you wan(t) (t)a read it.
kid	I showed you where the fire was that's what I want you to do read it.
cgv	tell Daddy who was here when we got home from the fair.
kid	that workman (ex)cept he was nice he was fixing our house he was fixing our house he was in the front room.
cgv	do you want me to read you this part now.
kid	yeah no I don't mean that part I mean the part that was on fire.
cgv	this part.
kid	yeah.
cgv	how come the animals are running away from the fire.
kid	because they don't want to get dead whoops Mom could I have this stick.
cgv	yeah.
kid	Daddy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	you should have killed a tyrannosaurus Rex if you were alive that time I saw a caveman when we got my dinasaurs dinosaurs] I saw a caveman and he could kill tyrannosaurus Rex.
cgv	the caveman could.
kid	yeah so so if you were alive and I was alive that time we should have killed tyrannosaurus Rex.
cgv	do you think we could have.
kid	yeah we would have sticked him into with our spears and and then he would have died.
cgv	oh those would have to be pretty big spears.
kid	yeah really big.
