participant	content
kid	where mine where mine where mine where's my firetruck.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	where is it Dad.
cgv	I don't know Abe we'll have to look for it.
kid	Mommy I wan(t) (t)a eat this for I wan(t) (t)a eat this I wan(t) (t)a eat this to tacos.
cgv	well you can eat yogurt after you eat tacos I want you to eat lots and lots of tacos you can have yogurt for desert.
kid	for dessert we have yogurt now.
cgv	not now after dinner.
kid	I'm through eating dinner Mom.
cgv	oh Abe dinner hasn't even been made yet don't try to trick me.
kid	close this.
cgv	hunhunh.
kid	we close this.
kid	we get this in.
cgv	hunhunh if you can.
kid	Mom put this in Mom oh we need that put this in Mom and you putting this in you through with tacos you put this in.
cgv	uhhuh I will when we're through with it.
kid	you got different Dad.
kid	you got different in the other right there with another thing.
cgv	that's Worcestershire sauce.
kid	it's for rice.
cgv	no soy sauce is for rice.
kid	soy sauce.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	why soy sauce for rice.
cgv	because of its unusual flavor.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a taste of it I'm through eating my tacos.
cgv	okay.
kid	and honey Mom.
cgv	honey too.
cgv	that'll be an unusual combination.
kid	Mom my chair's not over Mom.
cgv	well you can pull it over.
kid	Mom I heard poo_poo_gas@f.
cgv	was it yours.
kid	uhhuh not yours.
cgv	it wasn't mine.
kid	mine mine Mom what's this Mom.
cgv	did you have a tummy ache.
kid	I do have a tummy ache Mom.
cgv	are you hungry.
kid	nope.
cgv	I thought you wanted tacos.
kid	Mom no more flour in there.
cgv	hunhunh The sifter sifted it all out hey you know what.
kid	huh.
cgv	you didn't close the refrigerator door.
kid	oh.
cgv	thank you.
kid	Mom what you doing.
kid	Mom I didn't watch you did that.
cgv	I'm blending in the shortening.
kid	I didn't I didn't watch that.
cgv	hey I see a squirrel outside.
kid	huh.
cgv	look outside.
kid	oh.
cgv	I hope he doesn't come and eat anything in our garden.
kid	hunhunh he's naughty Mom eating.
cgv	yeah that sure would make us angry wouldn't it.
kid	uhhuh and we yell at him and then he run in the corn and hide.
cgv	would he come in our house.
kid	uhhuh and eat us.
cgv	oh I don't think so.
kid	we're not food.
cgv	we sure aren't.
kid	Mom I wanted to watch that.
cgv	you wanted to what.
kid	Mom we doing Mom.
cgv	I'm adding water.
kid	Mom we don't want water in our tacos.
cgv	what's how you get it doughy the water blends in with the flour and makes tacos.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a get doughy a lick of doughy Mom I wan(t) (t)a get that part okay Mom.
cgv	if you eat all that we won't be able to make tacos here's a small piece.
kid	thank you.
cgv	you're welcome.
kid	I eat this I eat it here Mom here Mom.
cgv	just a second Abe Dad did you want to help.
cgv	yeah I'll help.
kid	I help Mom.
cgv	you do help don't you.
kid	I don't help make tacos Mom.
cgv	you help me make them.
kid	and you cry at me tacos.
cgv	I don't cry.
kid	you cried you get sick.
cgv	uhhuh when you feel bad.
kid	Mom there's the flour Mom.
cgv	huh.
kid	there's the flour.
cgv	don't eat all that Abe or we won't have enough for tacos.
kid	there be no more we have make more dough Mom I eat that.
cgv	I'll be right back in I have to go get the lettuce.
kid	Daddy do you I can't eat that.
cgv	I don't think you'd like that onion Abe it's pretty strong.
kid	I can't eat that.
cgv	you can't.
cgv	let's see we need to find the grater.
kid	we can't find the grater.
cgv	are you going to help me.
cgv	it must be in here.
kid	huh.
kid	it must be in here.
cgv	uhhuh here it is.
kid	yep that's a grater where the where the where's the sifter.
cgv	where's the sifter.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	it's probably in the bottom down there.
kid	we going Dad.
cgv	where are we going.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	I don't know if we're going anywhere.
kid	we going at Texas we going see Ninny@f and Bumpa@f we eat tacos we going see Ninny@f and Bumpa@f we eat tacos and Ninny@f and Bumpa@f come here.
cgv	we're going to Texas but I don't think Ninny@f and Bumpa@f are going to come here.
kid	we go at there and yyy anybody come there.
cgv	anybody will come there.
kid	Daren and me and be there and Karen will stay at her house.
cgv	Karen will stay at whose house.
kid	her house.
cgv	at Karen's house.
kid	at great+grandma's house where's great+grandma.
cgv	great+grandma's still in Pennsylvania Abe.
kid	that cold I got a turtle ha ha ha.
cgv	you got a what.
kid	I got a turtle Mom get there Mom Mom you washing the dishes.
cgv	no I'm washing the lettuce.
kid	Mom them felled fell] +ed] out Mom.
cgv	thank you for showing me Abe.
kid	more lettuce.
cgv	huh.
kid	more lettuce Mom.
cgv	no this is plenty.
kid	where's the taco ingredients.
cgv	the taco ingredients are in that bowl.
kid	I can't see it Mom.
cgv	they're all blended together now Abe.
kid	Mom I dropped.
cgv	I saw you.
kid	Mom where's our onions.
cgv	I think Daddy's slicing it up.
kid	no he's slicing that tomato.
cgv	oh he's slicing a tomato.
kid	you slicing tomato Dad.
cgv	yeah.
kid	oh I wan(t) (t)a watch you make it.
cgv	okay.
kid	you make tacos with you.
cgv	yep.
kid	you make tacos with me Mommy I can't eat it I don't like that.
cgv	you should taste it I bet you would like it.
cgv	you don't like tacos.
kid	I don't like that onion I like tacos.
cgv	this is a tomato if I see it I'm gon (t)a chop it up.
kid	you can't chop it you can't hurt my finger Mom I'm not watching you make tacos.
cgv	well you can watch me and Daddy at the same time.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a watch you I like to watch you Mom that's a taco that's gon (t)a be mine taco.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	that's gon (t)a be mine taco that's gon (t)a be broken taco.
cgv	it's pretty big isn't it.
kid	that's gon (t)a be mine taco too Mom Mom I have another tiny piece.
kid	you do that Mom.
kid	that gon (t)a be mine taco too Mom.
cgv	how many do you want.
kid	uhhuh I don't want me my Daddy eat another one.
cgv	how many do you want Daddy to eat.
kid	four.
cgv	good I think that's how many he wanted.
kid	Dad you eat four.
cgv	okay.
kid	eat four not mine not mine not mine not mine not mine not mine Dad.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mom that's gon (t)a be mine too Mom.
cgv	okay.
kid	throw it up like a pizza Mom throw it up.
cgv	I'm afraid it might land on the cactus.
kid	it didn't land.
cgv	uhhuh it didn't land on the cactus remember that time it landed on the cactus Abe.
kid	huh.
cgv	remember that time it landed on the cactus.
kid	uhhuh and it and it falled@n right there on our flowers and it falled@n on the cactus.
cgv	right it was a real surprise.
kid	that's not that's not you can take it to school.
cgv	I know.
kid	when that landed on that cactus it stick to that cactus and me hand and me hair and I'm gon (t)a be real angry.
cgv	you will be real angry.
kid	and I heard it popped.
cgv	what.
kid	that taco popped.
cgv	oh heard it sizzling.
kid	I hear it sizzling I hear it sizzling like a egg Mom.
cgv	you hear it sizzle like an egg.
kid	sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle I'm afraid I get down get cactus and hurt myself and I bump my head Mom I'm afraid I go swimming.
cgv	you would like to go swimming.
kid	no sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle big one Mom Mom why's honeys on there.
cgv	honey.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	where.
kid	on the taco.
cgv	oh that's not honey I had to put oil in the pan that's oil on the taco.
kid	Mom we can't eat it Mom.
cgv	sure we can we put oil on a lot of things.
kid	in pancakes we do.
cgv	uhhuh we use oil to cook pancakes.
kid	green pancakes and red pancakes and blue strawberry pancakes.
cgv	we had strawberry pancakes in Pennsylvania didn't we.
kid	we didn't grow our strawberries.
cgv	no they were wild and we had to go out in the woods to pick them.
kid	where's our where's our blueberries.
cgv	we ate them for lunch blueberries and cream.
kid	we didn't eat blueberries and cream.
cgv	Mommy and Daddy did did you eat yours.
kid	no.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I didn't eat my strawberries.
cgv	why not.
kid	because you make those tacos.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	why you make those tacos.
cgv	because you said that you wanted tacos for dinner and I thought that I'd make you happy.
kid	I blowed you away.
cgv	I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll blow you away.
kid	Mom I blowed you in the fingers Mom what's that for.
kid	I eat you for dinner Mom put oil in that thing.
cgv	huh.
kid	put oil in that thing Mom.
cgv	we enough oil in that thing now.
kid	oh Mom I don't wan(t) (t)a eat that I don't wan(t) (t)a eat that.
cgv	this is the meat that goes on our tacos you like it remember.
kid	I don't want meat I don't like meat.
cgv	why Abe.
kid	because I don't like this in the pan that's not edible that's not edible Mom that's a boo+boo that's a boo+boo no Mom I don't wan(t) (t)a fall down.
cgv	okay I won't kiss you again.
kid	Mom oil.
kid	Mom that oil.
kid	put oil in that thing.
cgv	we don't need any more oil.
kid	turn it over Mom what happen Mom.
cgv	I ate some cheese.
kid	more left another one left Mom.
cgv	huh.
kid	another one left.
cgv	another one's left.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	I still have to cook it.
kid	get that turn that over Mom.
cgv	it's not done yet Abe.
kid	turn that over Mom turn it over.
cgv	Dad do you want to come get our water.
kid	I get water what's this Mom.
cgv	that's the bowl for our taco meat.
kid	I don't like taco meat.
cgv	yes you do Abe you always cat it.
cgv	what do you want to drink Abe.
kid	I like milk I like I like milk.
cgv	okay I'll get you water.
kid	no.
kid	milk.
cgv	okay scoot over to the table.
kid	you turned that light off.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	turn it on.
cgv	how come.
kid	because we can't eat.
cgv	you can't eat without the light on.
kid	we can't eat with the light off.
cgv	okay.
kid	turn that light on and turn this on.
cgv	would you like some cheese.
kid	oh thank you more Mom more Mom.
cgv	okay lettuce.
kid	no.
cgv	tomato.
kid	no what's on Mom.
cgv	huh.
kid	what's on.
cgv	we'll see.
kid	Mickey Mouse on.
cgv	later on he comes on at six thirty.
kid	Wild Kingdom Mom.
cgv	what's on Wild Kingdom.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	wild animals.
kid	hippos and giraffes and lions and hippos and giraffes and black bears and black bears right Mom.
cgv	right Abe.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a hit little balls like him.
cgv	he's playing golf.
kid	see all.
cgv	those little golf balls.
kid	I like to play golf ball Mom.
