participant	content
cgv	oh.
kid	Tarzan the monkey man.
cgv	swings on a rubber+band.
kid	(ex)cept what is a rubber+band.
cgv	pop goes the rubber+band down goes the monkey man did you see that.
kid	awoh his head fell off.
cgv	what a klutzy Tarzan.
kid	what a klutzy man what a silly man Tarzan the monkey man swings on a rubber+band pop goes the rubber+band.
cgv	down goes the monkey man.
kid	hawks have tongues like snakes.
cgv	this could be an anteater's tongue too.
kid	or an anteater's tongue don't get me with that I'm not a ant pretend Daddy's a ant.
cgv	here comes the anteater.
kid	if you hit me on the head I'll get you I will smash your tongue I smashed him I smashed him can I look.
kid	can I see.
cgv	is it dry.
kid	yeah it sure is.
cgv	what are you going to use this on.
kid	to rake leaves up (ex)cept my name came off.
cgv	no it didn't it's at the very top of each of them know what else you can use it for.
kid	what.
cgv	to rake the ground in the garden smooth.
kid	Mommy look you got some paint off.
cgv	no some of it didn't go on very smoothly.
kid	it isn't very dry yet I'm through eating my sandwich.
cgv	okay would you like some cheese.
kid	yeah just one little piece of cheese or this big cheese or this big cheese.
cgv	the last size seems just right.
kid	this big seems alright.
cgv	here you go.
kid	Mommy this is a m@l this is the same that I wanted and this is too much.
cgv	no you said you wanted this much.
kid	that's big I eated it all mm:.
cgv	did you throw it on the floor Abe.
kid	I'm sorry I did.
cgv	where's the other part.
kid	it's in my mouth a big giant hawk is like this big so let's do that big hawk with clay I'll show you what hawks look like they have horns pretend these are his horns hawks have one horn one horn only now can I break this up.
cgv	if you want to.
kid	Mommy this is what hawks look like.
cgv	gosh it sort o(f) looks like a triceratops.
kid	doesn't triceratops have three horns.
cgv	yeah a triceratops does have three.
kid	put this in the refrigerator I'm gon (t)a go out and play.
cgv	I think it's getting a little chilly now Abe.
kid	I hear some kids out +....
cgv	they probably have big jackets on too.
kid	(ex)cept this is big.
cgv	that's a lightweight jacket you'd need to put on your +/..
kid	++ my sweater.
cgv	no you'd have to put on your Winter jacket.
kid	why.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go out and feel it okay.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go out and feel it.
cgv	no just stay in what seeds do you want to plant tomorrow.
kid	my seeds my corn seeds.
kid	just one of my corn seeds Mommy I wish this could be dry if I stand up I can get it Mommy I think I could go outside and feel how cold it is Mommy it's warm it's warm outside.
kid	it's warm outside.
cgv	Abe we were just out if you want to put your big Winter jacket on then you can go out.
kid	(ex)cept I goed@n feel it and it was warm Mommy you go out and feel it.
cgv	I was just outside and it was cold.
kid	(ex)cept now I goed@n out and feeled it and it was warm.
cgv	I said you could go out if you put on your Winter jacket.
kid	(ex)cept I goed@n out and feeled it and it was warm.
cgv	if you want to go out put your Winter jacket on.
kid	I goed@n out and feeled it and and I goed@n out and feeled it and it was really warm.
cgv	look the other kids have big coats on.
kid	(ex)cept I goed@n out and feeled it and it was warm.
cgv	I've heard you say that Abe.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a wear my Winter jacket.
cgv	okay stay in then call me when you're through crying.
kid	I didn't call you.
cgv	okay call me then you're through crying.
kid	no one is mmm.
cgv	Abe what are you doing.
kid	I'm in here your boy's right in here.
cgv	you're not there.
kid	your boy is right in here.
cgv	what's he doing in there.
cgv	how come he's not talking to his poppa.
kid	you're not Poppa you are my dad you are my dad not my poppa.
cgv	come here.
kid	you look in here I'm in here.
cgv	what did you do when you played outside today.
kid	I don't know we played police.
cgv	you played police.
kid	yeah Daddy isn't my gun cold.
cgv	what.
kid	isn't my gun cold.
cgv	yeah I think it is metal gets cold easily doesn't it.
kid	yeah I will be really happy when my gun gets warm I don't like cold guns I don't wan(t) (t)a call Mom.
cgv	what.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a call Mom I'm not crying but I don't wan(t) (t)a call Mom.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy I am so tall my hoe can't even touch the ground.
cgv	what.
kid	my hoe is so little it can't even touch the ground.
cgv	what is so little.
kid	my hoe.
cgv	oh your hoe.
kid	Daddy come out with me and feel it.
cgv	Abe I was just out and it was really cold if you want to wear your blue jacket then you can go out okay.
kid	(ex)cept I goed@n out and feeled it and it was warm how (a)bout that.
cgv	how warm is it.
kid	it's about just half of a minute.
cgv	just half a minute warm.
kid	yeah just half warm.
cgv	is it cold.
kid	no just half minute cold and half minute warm.
cgv	oh you know what.
kid	what.
cgv	you could put your cowboy jacket on under your blue jacket that way you could wear both of them.
kid	how (a)bout I could put my cowboy jacket over my blue jacket.
cgv	I don't know if it would fit over your blue jacket we could try it.
kid	okay.
cgv	oh hey we could put your blue sweatshirt on and then put on your cowboy jacket I bet that would work.
kid	yeah I could wear my hood on top and I could put my cowboy hat onto the hood like this.
cgv	that's a good idea.
kid	Daddy I can't see you.
cgv	as soon as we get this over your head you'll be able to.
kid	you need to put my cowboy jacket on too button my cowboy jacket up.
cgv	what are you going to do when you go outside.
kid	I'm going to work in my garden.
cgv	you are.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what exactly are you going to do.
kid	I'm gon (t)a make some holes with my hoe and I'm gon (t)a dig with my shovel.
cgv	what's wrong.
kid	nothin(g) I'm gon (t)a take this out too.
cgv	how come you're taking your boat.
kid	because I think it's nice to take my boat out.
cgv	oh.
kid	oh I thought something.
cgv	what.
kid	you don't need to take your boat to work in the garden.
cgv	that's right.
kid	how (a)bout this.
kid	this will work in the garden right.
cgv	yeah your rake will work in the garden.
kid	Daddy I need to go tee+tee I need to go tee+tee.
cgv	okay.
kid	why did you watch me go tee+tee.
cgv	I didn't I stayed right here.
kid	oh I thought you watched me Mom will you zip my pants up.
cgv	sure thing.
cgv	what are you doing.
kid	I asked my Mommy if I could have my boat.
cgv	yeah.
cgv	so what are you going to do.
kid	I'm gon (t)a take my boat out and play with it in the garden.
cgv	what did you do with all your stuff.
kid	I played and played in our garden and I played in the sandbox after I got tired playing in the in the garden.
cgv	oh.
kid	take this off I'm feeling hot.
cgv	Abe come in here and take a bath.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a watch tv first.
cgv	what.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a see what happens.
cgv	come on.
kid	Mommy I don't wan(t) (t)a wash my hair.
cgv	come on Abe tomorrow we're going to plant seeds it's about time.
kid	it's about time to do that now.
cgv	yeah.
kid	are we going to do it now.
cgv	no tomorrow morning.
kid	this is tomorrow.
cgv	no this is tonight.
kid	this is tomorrow.
cgv	no tomorrow is when the sun comes up.
kid	last day you said this would be tomorrow so so so it's tomorrow now.
cgv	oh Abe tomorrow is always the next day when tomorrow gets here it'll be today see.
cgv	the names change gee I just don't know how to explain it get your boat and come on.
kid	Mommy I wan(t) (t)a bring my knife too.
cgv	okay.
