participant	content
kid	I'm watching the truck I was now I'm just looking out the window could we ask Jason if I could go stay at his house or if he could come to nursery school with me.
cgv	to the community center.
kid	yep.
cgv	okay.
kid	good I wish we have gotted@n some mail today.
cgv	me too I like to get mail.
kid	I do too if I be real good at the community center will you get me a prize.
cgv	we'll have to wait and see.
cgv	what are you doing Abe.
kid	I'm playing I'm playing with my army boat this is the army boat.
cgv	where did you get that.
kid	I made it.
cgv	when.
kid	today.
cgv	when today.
kid	when you weren't home.
cgv	you've been real busy haven't you.
kid	no I haven't been busy.
cgv	are you ready Abe.
kid	their ship kersploded@c and +/..
cgv	exploded.
kid	uhhuh and it went way up and all the men fell off and and then it landed on its top.
cgv	gosh let's get your winter boots on.
kid	hey (ex)cept Mommy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I just decided.
cgv	did you tell Daddy what we had at Bridgemans.
kid	that is what I had at Bridgemans hot chocolate and toast Mommy can I bring that guy and this guy.
kid	they're teeny and I'm teeny oh this game doesn't work.
cgv	come on let's get your boots on.
kid	get my cowboy boots off.
cgv	that's something you're capable of doing Abe you're four years old.
kid	this is my left boot Mommy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	well which way which way is my foot pointing.
cgv	that way.
kid	I putted these on the wrong way which way is the thing on my boot pointing.
cgv	let me tighten this one notch let's get the rest of your clothes on.
kid	and then this guy now I got my toys let's go.
cgv	your jacket's not on.
kid	do you know what happen if we didn't have jackets.
cgv	what would happen.
kid	we wouldn't get to go outside.
cgv	if we lived in Hawaii it wouldn't matter would it.
kid	it wouldn't Mommy can you get me something to drink.
kid	a orange Julius.
kid	no something to drink right now.
cgv	what.
cgv	milk.
kid	no water here you go here's the two pictures that's a tugboat the the tugboat's gon (t)a save the little boat there was a little boat that was in a storm and this tugboat was gon (t)a save the little boat.
cgv	how was it going to save it.
kid	Mommy why are you cutting my name off.
kid	you can write your name on it again.
cgv	I'm just trimming the picture.
cgv	Abe how's the tugboat gon (t)a save the little boat.
kid	because the tugboat can't drown and the little boat is gon (t)a drown.
cgv	it is going to drown.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	how is the tugboat going to save it if it's going to drown.
kid	no the little boat is gon (t)a drown unless the tugboat saves it.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mommy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	you can tell Jason who made those pictures.
cgv	I will what are you making.
kid	a other picture I'm not done yet would I have to show it to you.
cgv	when you're done.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I hope you do.
kid	I might what is that Mom.
kid	what is making that sound.
cgv	what.
kid	what made that sound.
cgv	some sort of monster I bet.
cgv	what do you want to do now.
kid	put on my new clothes.
cgv	I think these pants are too big for you now.
kid	well can I see.
cgv	okay take that shirt off and put on this one.
kid	I shouldn't have taked this off.
cgv	yeah put those back on put your dirty shirt on the stairs.
kid	okay I got it right on the stairs.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy I was gon (t)a ask you was this a cowboy shirt.
cgv	I think so.
kid	well do cowboys wear em.
cgv	yeah.
kid	oh then it could be a cowboy shirt it must be a cowboy shirt.
cgv	how come.
kid	because you said it can so it can these shirts tickle too.
cgv	do they.
kid	yeah they do fit me Dad.
cgv	they sure do.
kid	can you help me snap em.
cgv	yeah just a second.
kid	never mind I already snapped em.
cgv	good awoh you put your shirt on backwards.
kid	I'll do it.
cgv	okay are you done now.
kid	no I haven't turned it around yet.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy I put it on right this time (ex)cept I can't find the sleeve there (ex)cept for one thing look at my feet.
cgv	we didn't get you any new socks.
kid	well you can get me some socks I'm cold.
cgv	are you.
kid	not cold everywhere just cold on my fee.
cgv	oh I'll go upstairs and get your socks.
kid	I'm getting Chop_wood dressed Daddy.
cgv	yeah.
kid	how'd Chop_wood get Kung_fu grip.
cgv	huh.
kid	I mean how did they make him.
cgv	with a mold.
kid	Daddy see what I'm touching.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	how did they make this.
cgv	with a mold.
kid	this could be it they pour the plastic into the mold and and and then and that's how it was with those parts in and they and then they gotted@n a real knife and took him out.
cgv	you think so.
kid	yeah Daddy.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I really want a sandwich don't you know I want a sandwich and toast.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I wish we would babysit someone.
cgv	why.
kid	(be)cause I'm pretty bored playing by myself awoh I was so wild I threw Chop_wood into the wall and his cape falled@n off.
