participant	content
cgv	where'd you get that record.
kid	we got it at at where we get that this these two records at Mom.
cgv	we got them at the library.
kid	huh.
cgv	we got those records at the library.
kid	we got em at the library Dad.
cgv	oh.
kid	hey we got what is this about.
cgv	that's a wood+duck.
kid	can you read a wood+duck.
kid	can you read this.
kid	and this and this can you read all of these.
cgv	okay.
kid	read the earth and the sky okay.
cgv	the earth and the sky first.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay I'll read the others later okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	0.
kid	they lived happily ever after.
cgv	who lived happily ever after.
kid	the earth and the sky.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I know how uh you say it again the earth and the sky lived happily ever after.
cgv	the earth and the sky hugged each other and they lived happily ever after.
kid	they lived happily ever after.
cgv	who else lives happily ever after.
kid	the earth and the sky lives +/..
cgv	I know some other things do too princesses princes.
kid	queens.
cgv	uhhuh who else.
kid	and uh and rocket ships go right up.
cgv	I think that you're being silly what about Robin Hood.
kid	Robin Hood don't lives happily ever after no they don't they have junk.
cgv	who has junk.
kid	Robin Hoods Robin Hood has junk all over.
cgv	no Robin Hood lived in the forest with the trees and flowers he didn't have junk.
kid	they don't have hey.
kid	hey.
kid	we got a book.
cgv	what.
kid	another book we didn't read we didn't this one in a long time.
cgv	we did too.
kid	we could read all of it again.
cgv	what's the name of this one.
kid	I don't know can you read it to me.
kid	can you.
kid	can you Mom.
cgv	why don't I read the other one I haven't read.
cgv	I read this one at nap+time.
kid	which one.
cgv	about things that happen in the city.
kid	this one.
kid	we didn't you with elephants.
cgv	would you like to play with your school+house.
kid	yeah yeah good idea good idea good idea good idea hey.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go outside.
cgv	it's too dark now it got dark too soon.
kid	we have ta go outside (be)fore it gets too too too late Mom (ex)cept it +/..
cgv	well tomorrow morning we can go out while it's still early and walk to Macawbers.
kid	Macawber's Book Store.
cgv	yeah and get a surprise for John_John and Jeffrey.
kid	and how (a)bout me.
cgv	would you like a surprise.
kid	yeah what's this.
kid	hey where's w@l.
kid	where's w@l.
cgv	look they might be in here look through and see if you can find em.
kid	this has a fat one.
cgv	I like this merry+go+round.
kid	I like I like the bed+room.
cgv	you do.
kid	yeah.
cgv	here's the bath+tub over here.
kid	where's the bed+room.
cgv	I'll see if I can find the bed.
kid	where's the where's the a@l letter at.
kid	a@l.
cgv	I thought you had it just a minute ago.
kid	where's the a@l.
cgv	I see it over there.
kid	a@l hey this is this can't fit in here see.
cgv	oh that one's the wrong a@l then I'll have to look around.
kid	where's b@l.
kid	where's b@l at Momma.
kid	is this a b@l.
cgv	that's a d@l.
kid	a d@l okay where's the letter d@l.
kid	hey can you fix it.
cgv	this has to be down.
kid	why.
kid	hey.
kid	hey.
kid	hey.
kid	we could play something else (in)stead of playing around scooping up.
cgv	what.
kid	I'll show you what we could do with uh see a thing's on the bottom so we could another thing okay.
cgv	show me.
kid	okay just come on.
cgv	oh do you want me to come over there with you.
kid	yeah see.
kid	we could we could do this.
cgv	oh both of those.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay here's some more letters +....
kid	a a@l.
cgv	which letters do ya need.
kid	k@l a k@l Mom.
cgv	a k@l.
kid	yeah a k@l I need a k@l hey.
kid	hey.
kid	we need a thing to get this.
cgv	oh you're going to make some words.
kid	yeah words where's the where's the letter j@l at.
cgv	do you want to find a word that has the letter j@l in it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	we could make up a word I know what I'll write a word on here and you find the letters there jug j@l.
kid	j@l.
cgv	u@l.
kid	u@l.
cgv	g@l.
kid	g@l.
cgv	you find those letters j@l u@l g@l.
kid	j@l.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	u@l can you watch me.
cgv	yeah I'm gon (t)a get you something else that'll help you.
kid	is this the right one.
cgv	a g@l put it down and see.
kid	it is the right one.
cgv	it sure is.
kid	why why someone broke it.
kid	I don't know how to fix it any more.
cgv	well it wasn't heavy cardboard so it ripped too easy.
kid	hey.
kid	Mom I got two can you see.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	one for school and one for a rocket is this how rockets go.
cgv	soaring through the air.
kid	boom.
cgv	(un)til they hit the planet Mars.
kid	zoom.
kid	it got um it got a um um it got um +....
cgv	it got what.
kid	it got to a target.
cgv	oh it landed on its target.
kid	yeah.
cgv	is the target the moon.
cgv	or Mars.
cgv	or Jupiter.
kid	the moon.
cgv	oh do they see any moon+men up there walking around.
kid	yeah.
cgv	moon monsters.
kid	moon fish.
cgv	moon fish.
kid	yeah they saw moon+fish.
cgv	what did they look like.
kid	they looked like two moozers@c two moozers@c that they looked like.
cgv	two moozers@c.
kid	yeah two moozers@c (ex)cept they were green.
cgv	what is a moozer@c.
kid	a moozer's@c a thing that stays right in the moon.
cgv	oh it just stays there.
kid	yeah can we I maked something with the moon it's a target.
cgv	do you want to make another target on your chalk+board.
kid	yeah I will I will hey.
kid	where's the rocket.
cgv	it's over there.
cgv	you sure do look tired what's wrong with you today.
cgv	you know who's been whining all day.
kid	no night it's night.
cgv	what's not nice.
kid	no it's night now Daddy was wrong.
cgv	oh because he said what's wrong with you today.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that's right I sure was.
kid	no no no you said +"/..
kid	+" what's wrong with you today.
kid	(ex)cept it was night.
cgv	it is night huh.
kid	yeah (ex)cept you were wrong.
cgv	yeah.
kid	can we do those.
cgv	these.
kid	yeah.
cgv	which one do you want to do.
kid	this one.
cgv	okay rain how can you tell it's rain.
kid	because they have on a rain+hat and flowers and a dog+hat and not a sun I think you're wrong.
cgv	do you want to try it this way.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay.
kid	hey this is a good one to use these are the same right.
kid	these are the same.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	which one you think could fit.
kid	this one.
cgv	I think that one's a little large oh I guess it does fit.
kid	you were wrong which one of these things could fit.
kid	r@l.
cgv	uhhuh that fits perfectly.
kid	time to go home the school is closed time to come back school is open right.
cgv	uhhuh time for recess.
kid	recess.
kid	what's recess Mom.
cgv	that's when all the kids go out to play after they eat lunch look here's the word you're trying to follow r@l a@l i@l n@l that's a h@l.
kid	yeah.
cgv	do you know what you just spelled.
kid	what.
cgv	rain.
kid	rain.
cgv	uhhuh you didn't spell rain everything's right except for the h@l.
kid	which one you think could fit.
cgv	n@l rain.
kid	okay school is closed time to go back home time to come back at school school's open.
cgv	what time do you go back to school.
kid	at day it's day at this school.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	and it's night at mine school.
cgv	your school's closed isn't it.
kid	yeah I think this one will fit how long my owies will go away.
cgv	all the swelling should be gone by next Saturday then your nose and lip won't feel funny any more.
kid	why this this chalk can't work.
cgv	there's one section on this chalk+board that's really smooth I don't know what happened to it chalk just slides right over it.
kid	I can't work it.
cgv	well here there's another chalk+board over here.
kid	I'm gon (t)a draw on this chalk+board while you fix that one okay.
cgv	I can't fix that one it's got a bad place on it that I can't fix.
kid	I made a I want milk Mom milk.
cgv	do you want me to get it.
kid	no milk I want Mommy to get it.
cgv	Daddy's already up Abe I'm too lazy.
kid	why you're too lazy.
kid	one love you I could get all of the milk.
cgv	here it is on the table.
cgv	you're gon (t)a drink it all up what a milk monster.
kid	I'm a cookie monster and a milk monster and a yogurt monster and a pancake monster and and a cereal monster.
cgv	you're a lot of monsters aren't you.
cgv	sounds like you were really thirsty.
kid	why tonight we're not gon (t)a babysit anyone.
cgv	(be)cause it's our evening off we get to play by ourself ourselves] [*].
kid	shit shit.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I wan(t) (t)a we wan(t) (t)a I think Daddy wants to babysit some people.
cgv	oh are you lonely for the kids.
kid	yeah I'm lonely for the kids.
cgv	Greggy'll come over tomorrow night to play.
kid	when Lenny goes home.
cgv	no Lenny'll come over Sunday night.
kid	how long uh and then Greggy will come home at Saturday night.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	can we play chess.
cgv	if you come over here and help pick up your school stuff.
kid	after I get my chess_men@c I will.
cgv	I'll help you come on.
kid	didn't play with our merry+(go)+round.
cgv	the merry+go+round.
kid	yeah one didn't play with it this boy has to take a bath he's already clean so he can get out he has to take a bath too (be)cause he's dirty now he's taking a bath now he's cleaned and this girl's dirty so her can take a bath and this girl's dirty too so her has to take a bath her's already clean so the girls and the boys the girls and the boys are on their way to school first the boys will run right here they got on the monkey+bars and their swings and look at they swing look at they swing why hey.
kid	hey.
kid	where's the chess.
kid	where's the chess at.
cgv	hey yourself.
cgv	you haven't helped pick up the toys yet put all the little people in the school+house.
kid	the people in the school+house this this where this one go.
cgv	which one.
kid	this one.
cgv	all those go in the school house.
kid	the teacher don't make them hit themselves they are being naughty stop fighting you naughty kids Mom Mom I love you.
cgv	Abe I love you.
kid	Mom I love you too I love you all of the time.
cgv	I love you all the time too even though some times I get a little irritated.
kid	sometimes I get irritated too.
cgv	I know some days we all have bad days.
kid	Daddy doesn't Daddy doesn't no he doesn't.
cgv	you don't think so.
kid	yeah I don't think so Daddy doesn't what you have.
cgv	I have some of those pictures I was going to look at again.
kid	where.
kid	what pictures.
cgv	the ones that came in the mail yesterday see.
kid	oh Terry made that I wan(t) (t)a look at those pictures.
cgv	I think Abe should come pick up his toys over here before he does anything else.
cgv	you heard what Mom said go pick up your toys.
kid	I think I uh where this should go.
cgv	right here.
kid	why.
kid	why.
cgv	put all the people in here.
kid	I think this is a good place to keep it right here it will.
cgv	there that didn't take long did it.
kid	can we play chess now.
kid	we need the chess+board.
kid	we need the chess+board.
kid	<you are you are> when you uh you played chess all day long with me.
kid	this time you're gon (t)a get the whites and I get the blacks okay.
cgv	as usual the last three times we played I've gotten the whites and you got the blacks.
kid	okay okay yesterday you did find the ones that go on these sides.
cgv	no we still haven't cleared up the house we still have to find the missing players.
kid	okay hey your only ones are uh are lots of your men missing.
cgv	I still have a few that are missing will you help me find em tomorrow.
kid	yeah no your men are not missing I got one and I got two.
cgv	those are castles they go in the corner.
kid	is this a corner.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	is this uh what is this.
cgv	the king and queen go right in the middle.
kid	is this a king.
cgv	uhhuh.
