participant	content
cgv	what colors did we use.
kid	we used what colors were they.
kid	we used red and blue and purple.
cgv	blue and red.
kid	blue and red and what else.
cgv	water.
kid	and a little bit of water so then we made purple and then I painted my two guns.
cgv	wow.
kid	could I keep this paint now.
cgv	no that's too full.
cgv	Abe how did your gun break.
kid	I saw it and I was gon (t)a play with it and then I saw a crack in it and then I feeled it and just I feeled it there was a bump and so it breaked I could tell it breaked.
cgv	you could tell.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	I'll make you another one.
cgv	do you think Daddy's an artist.
kid	I'm a gooder artist I make boats.
cgv	you make boats.
kid	yeah pretend boats for kids Mom look what I found.
cgv	do you know what that is.
kid	what.
cgv	a label.
kid	can I have it.
cgv	it goes on here.
kid	when when that's empty could I have it.
cgv	empty paint jars aren't very good to keep did you tell Dad who you played with over at the playground today.
kid	we played over to the play ground soon as I get a new one I'm gon (t)a put this on.
cgv	what.
kid	when I get a new fishing pole I'm gon (t)a put this on.
cgv	where did you find that.
kid	you found it for me from the tent.
cgv	it was on the floor of the tent that's right.
cgv	Mommy's birthday is Sunday.
kid	whose birthday.
cgv	Mommy's we have to go get her a present.
kid	Momma's coming along too.
cgv	no we can't take her or it wouldn't be a surprise.
cgv	I'll keep my eyes closed.
kid	and we would and we would leave you in the car.
cgv	I wouldn't like that.
cgv	what if we didn't get Mommy anything for her birthday.
kid	then she would have not anything I'm not gon (t)a get you anything for your birthday either Dad.
cgv	uhuh.
cgv	tell Dad who we figured could come to your birthday Abe.
kid	Greggy and Amasa and Leshe and everybody.
cgv	seventeen people if I recall correctly.
kid	I think it was six I'll leave this here and I would keep it.
cgv	where are you going.
kid	I'm gon (t)a count my birthdays on.
cgv	what.
kid	to see how many people my birthday's on I forgot which kids I forgot which kids I was gon (t)a (in)vite.
cgv	oh.
kid	I'm gon (t)a count how many kids one two three four five six look how many see how many.
kid	Jason too.
cgv	I think we're going to have a lot of kids.
kid	yeah we'll have to sit on the floor.
cgv	of course.
kid	and people would say happy birthday to me and I would say happy birthday to me.
cgv	what is this.
kid	part of the doorway.
cgv	is it chipping.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	come here.
kid	I can't hear you (ex)cept we got this.
cgv	what.
kid	this.
cgv	oh.
kid	I found it on the back door.
cgv	who came.
kid	the newsletter guy Momma can we go to the old apartment now.
cgv	I'm drinking my coffee Abe look at all these goose+bumps.
kid	what's goose+bumps.
cgv	look at these see.
kid	I'm gon (t)a stand on my head on the table hey that's silly I will fall off the table if I was standing on my head.
cgv	and then you'd hurt yourself.
kid	you played so much I comed@n home before you.
cgv	when.
kid	when you comed@n.
cgv	where did I go.
kid	you were already at home when Daddy was home.
cgv	I had a weird dream last night.
kid	what was your weird dream.
cgv	I dreamed that you hit me in the mouth and knocked my two teeth out these two teeth were lying on the ground.
kid	Momma I can't tell you (ex)cept this is a spooky dream and I dreamed it part of it I dreamed it in two dreams.
cgv	okay tell me.
kid	one was a Dracula one and one was a big bird one the Dracula took people to his house he was nice the people thought the Dracula was mean but he was nice.
cgv	what did the people say when they saw him.
kid	they said +"/..
kid	+" we better go hide.
kid	and the Dracula said he was go(i)n(g) (t)a eat the people all up.
cgv	I thought you said he was nice.
kid	he ate whales all up he ate whales all up he ate whales all up not people that was a funny dream huh.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	you're gon (t)a get a cold.
cgv	who is.
kid	Momma my momma sometimes is a dingaling.
cgv	she is.
kid	uhhuh she doesn't have shoes on and it's cold outside so she might get a cold I was gon (t)a go to uh at the sandbox at nighttime but I don't want to anymore.
cgv	how come.
kid	it's so cold I wan(t) (t)a come to the old apartment with Mommy now.
cgv	what.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go to the old apartment.
cgv	oh.
kid	Momma now can we go.
kid	are you through drinking your coffee.
kid	you are through.
cgv	I'm reading this now.
cgv	what happened when you went to look for shoes today.
kid	we couldn't find any for my pair.
cgv	how come.
kid	we couldn't.
cgv	why.
kid	we went to three places and we just couldn't find any I was climbing on the door did you see me.
cgv	I sure did.
kid	I had a snack at Montgomery Wards.
cgv	today.
kid	uhhuh Mom where are my binoculars.
cgv	Abe last time I used em I was sitting in the woods looking at birds.
kid	what did you do with em.
cgv	I left em hanging on a tree.
kid	are you pretending.
cgv	yes I am I didn't use your binoculars so I don't know where they are.
kid	can't you tell me.
kid	I left em on the little table didn't I.
cgv	are you sure.
cgv	look on the couch hey they're not in my purse.
kid	well I looked and they weren't can I have some gum.
cgv	no you didn't eat your sandwich.
kid	sorry I got one piece already out.
cgv	Abe.
kid	what.
kid	I already put it back in a little bit out.
cgv	what did you do.
kid	I put a little piece in my mouth and I put the rest back in Mom my binoculars aren't under the pillow they're not under the pillow I found my rifle hey here's my binoculars I was.
kid	gon (t)a take em to the old apartment now I can are you ready to go.
cgv	almost.
kid	Daddy look what they got on they got on this little thing.
cgv	what is it Abe.
kid	it's a compass.
cgv	who put it on.
kid	the the mens men] +s] that made em.
cgv	oh.
kid	I can't tell ya I can't tell you because I found lots of little lighters and they were pretend and they were metal they were just for kids.
cgv	where were they.
kid	they were inside a gum machine that's where we got binoculars not a lighter.
cgv	ya didn't need a lighter.
kid	let me see what time it is I can't tell I don't know what time it is.
cgv	Abe that's not a watch it's a compass what do compasses do.
kid	they take you camping.
cgv	they tell you what direction you're going.
kid	pow pow I'm shooting out my binoculars how (a)bout my cowboy jacket.
cgv	it's really windy out you have to wear this.
kid	no no I can't.
cgv	it's your decision.
kid	I'm gon (t)a not be cold if I was wearing my cowboy jacket.
cgv	yes you would it's really windy.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go outside.
cgv	then put this jacket on.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a wear my cowboy jacket Momma can we bring both of em.
cgv	do you want to wear both of em.
kid	just in case I get cold I don't think it's cold I don't think it's cold.
cgv	don't argue it is cold look at all the kids they're all wearing jackets.
kid	I don't see anybody Momma.
cgv	huh.
kid	my cowboy jacket's warm for really cold days my cowboy jacket's warm for really cold days.
cgv	come put it on.
kid	okay (ex)cept I just know how to button that's what I know how to button my cowboy jacket.
cgv	why don't you put your sweatshirt on under it.
kid	that's what I was gon (t)a do I'm gon (t)a wear this and my other sweatshirt I can see the kids Joey has one of these too.
cgv	is he wearing it.
kid	yeah he's already outside.
cgv	you can show him your binoculars.
kid	I already runned in his house and showed him.
