participant	content
kid	some milk and and toast with jelly.
cgv	toast with what.
kid	jelly.
cgv	okay what did you do outside.
kid	played when I went out there I saw Jason's gun.
cgv	you did.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	then what happened.
kid	and then Jason comed@n out from his from his storage box.
cgv	he was in his storage box.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	what else did you do.
kid	what else.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	with Jason.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I played with Jason.
cgv	what did you play.
kid	not any games you know Daddy I hope my toast will pop up.
cgv	it will.
kid	I hope it will because I'm so hungry Dad this is a sharp needle.
cgv	it's a what.
kid	it's a needle.
cgv	yeah let's put that in the pin cushion.
kid	they don't hurt when they're in a pin cushion.
cgv	uhhuh hey that doesn't go in your milk.
kid	(ex)cept what is it.
cgv	it's something to hang pictures on a wall what else did you do when you were outside.
kid	played with Jason.
cgv	I saw you riding something.
kid	that was a Big_Wheel.
cgv	it was.
kid	uhhuh and then I comed@n in to get my truck because that was Paul's Big_Wheel no Stacie's that was Stacie's Big_Wheel.
cgv	oh.
kid	Paul was riding it.
cgv	do you want your toast cut in half.
kid	cut in half Daddy these could stick together.
cgv	yeah that's pretty neat when did you discover that.
kid	a long time ago.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah this candle is blowed out because it's light outside this is a good candle when did you see me ride that big wheel.
cgv	I was taking the trash out and I saw you riding it up a big hill did you see me.
kid	no I saw your head though.
cgv	you saw my what.
kid	I saw your head.
cgv	my head.
kid	yeah (ex)cept I didn't see the rest of you.
cgv	where are you going.
kid	I'm going outside again with my truck so I can play.
cgv	have a good time.
kid	I'm gon (t)a make a hawk with this Mommy I'm hungry.
cgv	what would you like for lunch.
kid	I thought we were going to go to the zoo.
cgv	I don't think we will.
kid	Mommy I want to Mommy I want to go anyway.
cgv	you have to eat lunch now.
kid	and then we could go how (a)bout that.
cgv	why don't we go to Minnesota Fabrics instead.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go to the zoo Daddy could I could I round this.
kid	hey I need that something Daddy got me hey Dad I need to look in that thing where I put all my stuff all my stuff in the barn.
cgv	it's right over there.
kid	I need to dump it all out over again I'm trying to find that thing that round thing you need to use to round pens to sharpen pens I don't found it I found it.
cgv	that's called a pencil sharpener Abe what would you like for lunch.
kid	when I sharpen this pencil I will tell you.
cgv	okay.
kid	I don't want to get anything I don't want to get anything I wan(t) (t)a sharpen this pencil.
cgv	Abe what do you want for lunch.
kid	I already told you.
cgv	I'm sorry I didn't hear you.
kid	I said when I was through sharpening this pencil I would tell you what I want.
cgv	oh I thought you were through sharpening it.
kid	Dad can you sharpen this with my pencil sharpener.
kid	I can't do it.
cgv	yeah let me show you how to do it you hold it still and you turn the pencil see.
kid	where is that thing I was sharpening.
kid	here it is.
cgv	what are you making Abe.
kid	I'm just drawing this it's a rainbow it's a rainbow like the one we saw while we were fishing.
cgv	wow that will really be pretty.
cgv	was it a big rainbow Abe.
kid	yeah you should have saw that rainbow it was so pretty right Dad.
cgv	right Abe.
kid	I'll tell you what I want now I'll tell you what I want.
cgv	okay tell me.
kid	I want a peanut butter sandwich with jelly.
cgv	you don't want a grilled peanut butter.
kid	I do want a grilled peanut butter with jelly.
cgv	you do.
kid	uhhuh Mommy I want to eat now and then go to the park okay.
kid	Daddy this is part of the egg I ate for breakfast.
cgv	you had an egg.
kid	this this part of a egg.
cgv	did you like it.
kid	I liked it.
cgv	do you want a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
kid	a peanut butter and jelly sandwich with hot banana and and and a grilled peanut butter with jelly and and and a grilled peanut butter.
cgv	wow are you sure that's what you want.
kid	I want a peanut butter sandwich with jelly that's what I want.
cgv	did you tell Daddy what your curtains are going to look like.
kid	like a forest.
cgv	a jungle with giraffes.
kid	no giraffes live in the desert.
cgv	no camels live in the desert giraffes eat the leaves off of trees there aren't very many trees in the desert are there.
kid	no trees aren't cactus plants cactus plants are desert plants.
cgv	I wonder what camels eat.
kid	they eat sand.
cgv	that would be hard on their intestines I'm afraid.
kid	they eat cactus plants.
cgv	do you want walleye tonight.
kid	how come walleye.
kid	I don't have any walleye.
cgv	you like it Abe.
kid	I will eat all the crispies [=! laughs] it's silly to laugh when it's dark inside the house and it's dark outside and it's dark outside and then it's day that's so silly.
cgv	you're silly did anyone ever call you Willy.
kid	gross help Mommy help me I put water in my milk.
kid	that's silly when I taste it it's all full of water I'm a silly+willy with billy in it Mommy.
kid	Mommy.
kid	what is this.
kid	what is this.
cgv	what's it look like Abe.
kid	a kite.
cgv	that's right Daddy found it maybe we can fly it tomorrow.
kid	or or I could take that little tent along when we move.
cgv	Abe that isn't our tent everything you see outside isn't yours.
kid	(ex)cept people can't just leave it I found it outside today and not anybody was playing with it.
cgv	somebody left it and will probably want it later on.
kid	how come that spaghetti makes me fall down [=! laughs].
kid	Mommy when is my peanut butter sandwich and milk gon (t)a be ready.
kid	and my jelly sandwich.
kid	is it gon (t)a be ready now.
kid	how come it's so hot.
cgv	because it just came out of the pan.
kid	I don't want this to be cut.
cgv	it is.
kid	I don't what it to be cut.
cgv	go ahead and eat it and then I'll fix you a jelly sandwich do you think we should give this away.
kid	what.
cgv	this pottie+chair.
cgv	yeah.
cgv	Abe never used it.
kid	it's too small.
cgv	now it is but you wouldn't ever use it when you were younger.
kid	it's too small that's why.
cgv	don't you think we should give it away.
kid	no.
cgv	yeah we don't need it.
kid	if you grow another baby the he will poop in his pants so you better not so you better not give the pottie+chair away.
cgv	that's really good reasoning Abe I guess we'll keep it.
kid	Dad where did you find that kite.
cgv	in one of the closets.
kid	what is that thing back there.
kid	a stick I need to put my drawer back in the thing you need to sharpen pencils with.
cgv	oh.
kid	you fixed it with this Dad.
kid	you fixed it with this.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	that kite is all fixed.
cgv	that was an extra stick.
kid	how come.
kid	where did you find this.
cgv	there were three sticks and you only use two sticks to make a kite.
kid	Mom one part this part of the plant is dying.
cgv	how sad.
cgv	why is it dying.
kid	because it's bent.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mom could I see that too.
cgv	yeah I'll show it to you.
kid	we could get that and that and that and that now I finished all my dinner Mommy now are you gon (t)a get me a peanut butter sandwich by myself and milk.
cgv	okay.
kid	or hot chocolate Mommy I can't open this I can't hold it Mommy you have a silly head Mommy I want to go to the zoo after I eat my sandwich okay.
cgv	I don't think we'll go until tomorrow Abe.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go today.
