participant	content
cgv	yeah you can play with happy dogs.
kid	you know when I sleeped Rufus started to barked too loud and then I waked up.
cgv	did you go back to sleep or did you get up.
kid	I goed@n back to sleep Pudge is a cranky dog I like Rufus better from Pudge.
cgv	I do too Pudge is an old dog and old dogs are cranky sometimes.
cgv	where are you going Abe.
cgv	why don't you stay out here and talk to us.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a see the presents.
cgv	why don't you stay out here.
cgv	tell Grandma about school.
kid	school.
kid	what school.
cgv	tell Grandma where you see these kind of things Abe.
kid	I don't know I don't know.
cgv	you can bring carrot+head and potato+head out here and work on em.
kid	okay oh I I I can't find carrot+head.
cgv	oh you lost it.
kid	yeah.
kid	what is this.
kid	what is this.
kid	huh.
cgv	look what I found.
kid	hey.
kid	see the shoes can't stick on him.
cgv	you can't get the shoes on.
kid	hunhunh.
kid	how come Grandma you call my daddy Sonny.
kid	oh where where's potato head.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	I like the man's body put this body right here so I know where it are okay.
cgv	here on the table.
kid	yeah get these off oh dear hey.
kid	I'm making a carrot+head help me.
kid	help me.
kid	I can't fix it can I have can I take this home with me.
cgv	you can play with it but I don't know if you can take it home with you.
kid	huh.
kid	her said I can her said I can.
cgv	okay did you say thank you.
kid	thank you know what number I'm gon (t)a be on my birthday.
kid	three.
kid	that's scaring that's scaring me.
cgv	what scared you Abe.
kid	that noise did.
cgv	when Rufus barked.
kid	uhhuh I wan(t) (t)a do this I wan(t) (t)a do this.
cgv	go ahead.
kid	help when you put it on you uh uh uh put the black things on okay.
cgv	what.
kid	after I put this on you put the black thing on.
cgv	you have to do that first come here and I'll show you you have to put the black thing on first and then put that on.
kid	you show me then I can put his shoes on.
cgv	see.
kid	okay I see now I can.
cgv	uhhuh now you can fix up old Mr Carrot_head get down Rufus.
kid	why you don't like Rufus.
cgv	oh I like her it's just that I don't like her to jump up on me and lick me all the time.
kid	how come.
cgv	do you like her to lick you all the time.
kid	yeah.
cgv	you do.
kid	yeah.
cgv	good maybe Santa Claus can bring you a big wet tongue for Christmas that can lick you all the.
kid	huh.
kid	no I don't think so he can't put it in me because I have just one tongue just one tongue.
cgv	oh you have one tongue and that's enough.
kid	that's (e)nough tongue I like Rufus uh I like Rufus to bark at me.
cgv	you like Rufus to bark at you.
kid	yeah.
cgv	she's a friendly little dog isn't she.
kid	sometimes her's not friendly sometimes her barks nice sometimes her don'ts@n.
cgv	sometimes she's not nice.
kid	no sometimes her is look he's standing up where's potato+head.
kid	where's potato+head.
cgv	carrot+head's standing up.
cgv	I don't know go look for it.
kid	okay I'm gon (t)a put these on the foot stool so they don't get lost.
cgv	okay I'll protect them.
cgv	Abe don't walk on your heels.
cgv	that'll ruin your cowboy boots.
kid	huh.
cgv	don't walk on your heels walk on your whole foot okay.
kid	when you don't walk on your heels you walk on your tippietoes and then you fall down.
cgv	right so don't walk on your heels by themselves and don't walk on your tippietoes by themselves walk on everything together what did you get.
kid	I made a l@l this.
cgv	you made a l@l on that.
kid	it's supposed to be a letter.
cgv	what letter.
kid	huh.
cgv	what letter is it supposed to be.
cgv	oh it does look like a l@l.
kid	sec I'm what is this.
cgv	I don't know what is it.
kid	it's a hand.
cgv	it's a hand.
kid	it's a funny hand it's uh holding one more truck.
cgv	it's a funny hand holding a truck.
kid	no it's holding a gun.
cgv	oh it's holding a gun here let me help you draw something.
kid	no no.
cgv	why not.
kid	I didn't want my hand to be holded.
cgv	okay go ahead and make something else.
cgv	Abe do you want to hang these on the tree.
kid	what.
cgv	I found something else you can put on the tree.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a eat one.
cgv	no we can't eat them we're going to put them on the tree.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a: &m I wan(t) (t)a get one and eat it.
cgv	no we're going to put them on the tree.
kid	I guess no.
kid	I'm I'm putting candy canes on the tree I'd like to do another thing I wan(t) (t)a do another thing.
cgv	that's all.
kid	look what I made see Grandma see Grandma.
kid	except it has a on the side it's a broken camel.
kid	I can shake it.
kid	that was nice when you got me presents.
kid	uhhuh.
kid	yeah help me help me Grandma.
kid	Momma see it's standing up.
cgv	it's standing up.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	boy you know how to make a lot of stuff with that etch+a+sketch don't you.
kid	look at this.
cgv	boy that's nice is it a stairway.
kid	how you shake it.
kid	like this.
kid	show me how to shake it.
cgv	okay you turn it upside down so it's facing the floor and then you shake it see.
kid	see it standed up Momma awoh carrot+head fell down.
cgv	well pick him up.
kid	okay and put him here where he belongs.
cgv	is that where he belongs.
kid	uhhuh where's mine Mommy where's mine mine baseball hat.
cgv	I don't know let's go look for it.
kid	I'm looking I don't see it.
cgv	what are you doing.
kid	I'm looking for mine mine baseball hat.
cgv	look to your left what do you see.
kid	my hat where's the stick too.
cgv	where are you going Abe.
kid	I'm finding the stick I can't find it.
kid	huh.
kid	I can drink it out of the bottle.
kid	I don't like this I (a)nother kind.
cgv	Sprite.
kid	yeah Sprite.
kid	and then I drink it out of the same bottle I had last night.
kid	yeah it was a smaller bottle.
cgv	it was just your size wasn't it Abe.
kid	uhhuh can I have a piece of candy.
kid	huh.
kid	can I have a piece of candy.
kid	huh.
cgv	I guess so.
kid	I like um um this one no I like green better I never had that for a long time.
cgv	green.
kid	no that.
cgv	do you want green or white.
kid	green.
cgv	where do you put the paper Abe.
kid	in the garbage.
cgv	here here's the garbage right here.
kid	can I throw garbage.
kid	I like to throw garbage.
cgv	throw it in right here.
kid	where's Grandpa.
kid	how long will he be home.
kid	where's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh a red stick.
cgv	you're looking for a red stick.
kid	yeah a red stick what is this.
kid	huh.
cgv	it looks like part of a potato+head to me.
kid	can we leave this out.
kid	huh.
kid	mm no.
cgv	I don't know maybe we should put it all up what do you think.
kid	there are two birds.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I didn't know there were two birds at one time.
cgv	what are you going to do with those two birds.
kid	I'm gon (t)a leave em right out.
cgv	right out there.
kid	I wonder where this one goes.
cgv	it can go with the other one.
kid	no it is too much little.
cgv	oh one bird's too small.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	what are you doing.
kid	I'm hiding.
cgv	how come.
kid	I'm getting ready to jump soon as Mommy get here.
cgv	you're going to scare Mommy.
kid	no I'm gon (t)a jump.
cgv	oh know what this is.
cgv	who's that.
kid	a deer.
cgv	a reindeer.
kid	no a deer a reindeer has two horns.
cgv	oh and that just has stubs maybe it's a baby reindeer.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a jump that was a good idea throwing pillows is a good idea also.
cgv	you're going to throw pillows again.
kid	yeah.
cgv	maybe you should pick those toys up first.
kid	okay.
cgv	what are you doing.
kid	I'm making them stand up.
cgv	oh you're not going to throw pillows.
kid	not now.
cgv	what are you playing with Abe.
kid	the birds.
cgv	what are you doing with the birds.
kid	I'm making em stand up like like this.
cgv	oh do you like those birds.
kid	yeah &m bird.
