participant	content
cgv	you didn't.
kid	no so I said +"/..
kid	+" that must be a monster.
cgv	you thought I was a monster.
kid	yeah and also Mommy I thought Mommy was a monster and you too look it all the pies you could get out look it all the pies look it all the pies you could do it you could do it you could do it.
cgv	did you eat all your toast so we could work on it.
kid	yeah I don't think so Momma now I eat it all.
cgv	okay are you through with your yogurt.
kid	yeah look one of the Seven Dwarfs.
cgv	which one do you think he is.
kid	Sneezy.
cgv	Sneezy.
kid	I don't know what he is which one he is.
cgv	he looks like Sneezy.
kid	(ex)cept he whistles so he must be Whistley let's do it now.
cgv	okay first of all we have to clear off the table so we'll have a place to do it.
kid	look it [?] all the green spots.
cgv	green.
kid	I don't think so I was wrong one two three four five six seven hey hey we can't do seven there's only one two three four five and one two three four five and no more know what.
kid	this can't come off this can't come off Mommy.
cgv	just a second I'll help you.
kid	no I don't need any help.
cgv	you don't.
kid	no I don't think so.
cgv	what are you going to try to do.
kid	I'm just trying to look through this so I can see any more of him no I don't see him hey.
cgv	don't rip em up.
kid	how come.
cgv	because then we'll have to get tape and tape em down.
kid	know what.
kid	know what.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a see what does uh what's under there.
cgv	the little lines are under there.
kid	huh.
cgv	the little lines are under there.
kid	know what.
kid	it's coming off.
cgv	do you want me to help.
kid	yeah no just with this one.
cgv	with that pie.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay.
kid	know what.
kid	my thumbs are so little.
cgv	well that's okay your hands will grow and the rest of your body will grow.
kid	and my wrists and my arms and then I'll be a tall giant and then I will see how big I am then I will die I will die if I'm as tall a giant is.
cgv	then you'll die.
kid	yeah if I'm taller and taller and taller and tallest.
cgv	would you be able to find clothes to wear.
kid	giants giants don't wear clothes.
cgv	oh.
kid	Momma I love you.
cgv	I love you Abe.
kid	I didn't say +"/..
kid	+" come on.
cgv	I know what do you mean when you say come on.
kid	because I love you.
cgv	because sometimes I say +"/..
cgv	+" come on let's be friends.
cgv	so you say +"/..
cgv	+" come on I love you.
kid	yeah I said +"/..
kid	+" Mommy I love you.
kid	and you said +"/..
kid	+" well thank you Abe.
cgv	oh.
kid	know what.
kid	I haven't had a paper net before.
cgv	you haven't.
kid	no I really like my paper net know what.
kid	if you get tired uh if you're through paddling you could fish with this net.
cgv	I could use that net when we go canoeing.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that sounds like a really good idea.
kid	get these to me okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	get these to me get these to me get these to me did the newspaper come.
cgv	no it comes tomorrow on Sunday.
kid	hey you forgot something.
cgv	what.
kid	you forgot to get one of those things.
cgv	a Kleenex.
kid	yeah.
cgv	to blot it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	why are you going to use a Kleenex.
kid	because we don't have anything else see.
kid	I blotted it.
cgv	uhhuh I think that you've blotted it enough.
kid	shlom@c shlom@c do you know what shlom@c is.
cgv	no.
kid	it's a thing that crawls and crawls like a potato and it crawls and it crawls so fast it was a funny dinosaur.
cgv	oh.
kid	I was dreaming about a shlom@c.
cgv	last night.
kid	uhhuh oh dear.
cgv	I think that you're leaving them in the water too long and all the glue's coming off don't leave it in the water so long okay.
kid	get some tape more tape get one more piece of tape no get three pieces three pieces of tape get me three pieces of tape.
cgv	okay but don't leave the stickers in the water so long and we won't need to tape em okay.
kid	and one more.
cgv	no I think that's enough see it stayed on.
kid	does this need to blotted.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	oh and not any of this one.
kid	this one.
cgv	no that doesn't need to be blotted it doesn't have any excess water does it.
kid	uh uh know what.
kid	you almost ripped it I need to blot it.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	get it to me get it to me get it to me hey where does this umbrella go.
cgv	look and see that's right.
kid	hey it can't stick on.
cgv	why.
kid	because it has has some glue (ex)cept it can't stick on.
cgv	probably because you forgot to do something.
kid	what.
cgv	you tell me.
kid	paste it.
cgv	no what about putting it in the bowl.
kid	put it in the bowl put it in the bowl put it in the bowl put it &i in the bowl hi ho the dairy o@si put it in the bowl the bowl takes a wife the bowl takes a wife hi ho the dairy o@si the wife takes the bowl the bowl stands alone the bowl stands alone hey this one can't do it either.
cgv	can't do what.
kid	can't stick on the paper I think it needs some tape I think it needs some tape hey we forgot to do this one.
cgv	those are for another page.
kid	huh.
cgv	those stickers are for another page we do one page at a time.
kid	where where does this one go.
cgv	right here see.
cgv	that's a hard one.
kid	let's do another one.
cgv	what about these.
kid	where does it go.
kid	where does these go.
cgv	it can go anywhere you want.
kid	how (a)bout this way.
cgv	sure.
kid	know what.
kid	if he's hungry he could eat these.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	if he's hungry he could eat these pies too.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	now we could do this one.
cgv	what kind of pies do you like to eat Abe.
kid	cakes.
cgv	you like cakes better than pies.
kid	yeah cakes then pies cakes then pies cakes then pies cakes then pies hey now we could do that one.
cgv	okay what do you think Mickey Mouse is doing.
kid	he's sleeping under a haystack know what.
kid	I was laughing.
cgv	I heard you who did you sound like.
kid	I sound like Abe.
cgv	I thought you sounded like Ernie.
kid	no Ernie sounds different from me Mickey Mouse is under a haystack fast asleep.
cgv	remember when we were in Pennsylvania and we played in a haystack.
kid	yeah and he's playing in a haystack fast asleep.
cgv	who's doing that.
kid	Mickey Mouse is.
cgv	oh.
kid	oh hear I can't find my way home.
cgv	who said that.
kid	a little pig said it wee wee wee wee I can't find my way home Dad did your school had any wood.
cgv	for your paddle.
kid	yeah.
cgv	nope they were all out but they said we could come back another time.
kid	how long we could go.
kid	know what.
kid	we could go to one right now.
cgv	one what.
kid	is this a sheep.
cgv	yeah.
kid	and this is a sheep.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	know what.
kid	sheeps don't have horns and stuff like this.
cgv	some do I think that one's called a ram.
kid	how long we could go to the worker shop Daddy.
cgv	and make your paddle.
kid	yeah.
cgv	we have to wait until the wood comes in okay.
kid	okay he must be a billy goat.
cgv	billy goats don't have that much fur on em.
kid	some billy goats have horns horns horns horns.
cgv	are you getting tired.
cgv	this will be the last page okay.
cgv	this is hard work isn't it.
kid	yeah this is real hard work counting sheep know what.
kid	Ernie was counting sheep.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	baa@o baa@o baa@o baa@o baa@o baa@o baa@o I could count sheep one two three four and what would you say.
cgv	I'd say +"/..
cgv	+" Abe what are you doing.
kid	I would say +"/..
kid	+" I'm counting sheep.
cgv	and I'd say +"/..
cgv	+" You must be having a hard time going to sleep.
kid	sometimes I do like Ernie.
cgv	what else did Ernie count.
kid	he did sheep and balloons and it popped and it scared Bert and he got up and he was so frightened and he fell down and Ernie was counting fire engines.
cgv	what happened then.
kid	Bert waked up again and he said +"/..
kid	+" you'll wake the whole neighbor up.
cgv	the whole neighborhood.
kid	yeah the whole neighborhood hey get that cow that's down there.
cgv	what do you say.
kid	please.
cgv	okay.
kid	where does this house go.
cgv	let's find the dotted lines.
kid	right here.
cgv	that's right.
kid	how (a)bout right here.
cgv	is that even on the right page.
cgv	I think you're being silly.
kid	I thought so (ex)cept it wasn't on it can I color this.
cgv	of course.
kid	how long.
cgv	as soon as you finish these stickers you still have a few more to put on.
kid	no no can I color it later.
cgv	oh sure.
kid	know what.
kid	you're lazy today.
cgv	I am.
kid	yeah.
cgv	why.
cgv	I got up when you got up.
kid	(ex)cept you were lazy when I talked to you I said +"/..
kid	+" when are we gon (t)a get up.
kid	and you said +"/..
kid	+" now we could.
cgv	I wasn't ready to get up.
kid	know what.
kid	Daddy comed@n and said +"/..
kid	+" hey what are you doing laying down.
kid	And then a doctor came and then we got up so he wouldn't make us dead what is Mickey Mouse doing.
cgv	what does it look like.
kid	he's sleeping under the haystack is the cow gon (t)a eat him up.
cgv	no the cows are eating the corn.
kid	is he gon (t)a frighten this sheep away.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	how come.
cgv	he's not going to be mean he'll just say +"/..
cgv	+" come on come on let's go eat somewhere else.
kid	we could do another one later we could do this later hey hey I thought there were one more.
cgv	there are several more let's see how many.
kid	that one comed@n off and that one and that one.
cgv	here's one that we need to do.
kid	yeah we could do that one later Daddy know what.
cgv	hmm.
kid	know what I dreamed tonight.
cgv	what.
kid	I dreamed about tigers and lions.
cgv	oh were they friendly or mean.
kid	they were friendly Mom which one we need to do.
cgv	we need to do five.
kid	five number five we already did this one hey how (a)bout this one.
cgv	yeah we'll do that one next time.
cgv	how many did you do Abe.
kid	huh.
cgv	how many pages did you do.
kid	I'll show you when I'm done pasting these.
cgv	okay.
cgv	oh man why did you wake me up.
kid	because I wanted to get up and eat.
cgv	I'm going to teach you how to fix your own toast.
kid	how long.
cgv	when you get to be about six.
kid	or seven.
cgv	or seven.
kid	or eight.
cgv	no you'll learn how to do it before then I hope.
kid	hey someone took my shirt off.
cgv	I think you did.
kid	there I blew you away and I slapped you.
cgv	hey you're too rough.
kid	I was slapping your knees.
cgv	that wasn't my knee.
kid	can I cut some pieces of paper.
kid	can I cut some pieces of paper.
kid	how (a)bout this one.
cgv	okay know what Abe and I are going to do.
cgv	we're going to get a big piece of paper and Abe can lie on it and we'll draw an outline of his body.
cgv	sounds like a good idea to me.
cgv	Abe Daddy can throw you up on the ceiling so you can stick on the big piece of paper and I could get a marker and mark around you.
kid	no that's not very good.
cgv	why not.
kid	because if you put me up like that I will say +"/..
kid	+" Mommy get me down.
cgv	what will I say.
kid	no so I don't wan(t) (t)a do that that wouldn't be very good that won't be good that would scare me.
