participant	content
cgv	okay let me see the rock.
kid	I don't know where the rock is I don't know where I put it where is the good where is the good rock.
kid	here it is I got you I got you now get me.
cgv	okay let me see it what are you going to do with this.
kid	knock buildings down.
cgv	what.
kid	knock buildings down.
cgv	not our building I hope.
kid	how come.
kid	it's not a real one.
cgv	this is a real building we live in.
kid	no this is not a real building crasher.
cgv	yeah but if you hit a window with it you'll break it.
kid	and then it will be a real building crasher.
cgv	yeah and if you break a window then we won't be able to get you any surprises for a long time.
kid	until I be good.
cgv	until we can pay for the window and that would be a long time.
kid	where is the rest of my stuff.
kid	this is my barn stuff this is mine because it's not breaked these are when we go camping and you and each one could keep em.
cgv	what are they for.
cgv	I don't quite understand.
kid	just for know where we're going.
cgv	oh to help us know where we're going.
kid	uhhuh now it's dark moo@o.
cgv	do you like that cow.
kid	yeah (ex)cept where did you find this.
cgv	that cow.
kid	all these.
cgv	I had em at school.
kid	and where did you find em.
kid	what what is this kind of ship.
cgv	tugboat.
kid	a tugboat and and it was a tugboat that crashed into the tidal wave.
cgv	into a what.
kid	it was a tugboat that crashed into a tidal wave right.
cgv	in the movie.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that was a big ocean liner.
kid	oh and how come some ocean liners crash into tidal waves.
cgv	just because.
kid	they're they're not very careful.
cgv	that's the main reason.
kid	and and how come when they crash into ships they kersplode@c.
cgv	how come what.
kid	how come when they crash into into tidal waves they kersplode@c.
cgv	explode.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	because sometimes the people aren't very careful and they carry bombs and gas and stuff that explodes.
kid	is that a reason.
kid	is that a reason.
cgv	what.
kid	what reason they just have bombs.
cgv	they shouldn't have bombs should they.
kid	how come.
kid	how come they shouldn't.
cgv	because bombs hurt people.
kid	my finger was on the table hey hey that's the wrong way to drive a tractor hey which way.
kid	this way hey you don't come here okay I won't said the doctor.
cgv	are you making up a story.
kid	yeah (ex)cept did you get me anything.
cgv	anything for what.
kid	anything for a snack.
cgv	what do you want.
kid	I'm not sure yet.
cgv	tell me what you want.
kid	okay (ex)cept I think something's in the (re)frigerator I want milk milk with bread and honey.
cgv	what.
kid	milk and bread with honey.
cgv	are you sure.
kid	yep (ex)cept how come some folding rulers fold.
cgv	banana bread.
kid	yeah I like banana bread toast with honey timber.
cgv	here you go.
kid	I'm gon (t)a smash you like this with a ruler.
cgv	is that good.
kid	uhhuh something is wrong with the table.
cgv	what's wrong with it.
kid	I put my feet on sometimes.
cgv	Abe where are you going.
kid	outside.
cgv	how come.
kid	just because I want to look for some stuff Daddy do it with this this got broken this got broken.
cgv	here drink your milk hey where are you going.
kid	I'm just going outside.
cgv	hey do you want me to fix this.
kid	yeah oh no what's in here.
cgv	why don't you look.
kid	is it a bear.
kid	is it a bear.
cgv	no it's not a bear.
kid	it's wood (ex)cept how come you got all that much wood to us.
cgv	it's sawdust and sawdust is good for the garden so we're going to put it on the garden.
kid	how come we're going to put that on the garden.
cgv	what.
kid	how come we're going to put that on the garden.
cgv	because.
kid	can I stand in here.
cgv	what.
kid	can I stand in here.
cgv	I'd rather you got out of there okay.
kid	why.
kid	I like sawdust (e)specially tiny sawdust I'm gon (t)a go put some in the garden is that pretty tight.
cgv	it's as tight as I can make it.
kid	so it won't get out.
cgv	I hope not.
kid	did you tie it as tight you could tie it.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I could tie it tighter.
cgv	go ahead what happened in school today.
kid	Bryan came big Bryan.
cgv	what did you do then.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	hi Bryan.
kid	you should have comed@n.
cgv	how come.
kid	just to see Bryan.
cgv	oh.
kid	is the inch+worm moving.
cgv	I don't know is he.
kid	no he isn't.
cgv	where did you find this rock.
kid	where I was throwing rocks across the street.
cgv	what.
kid	where I was throwing rocks across the street.
cgv	you were throwing rocks.
kid	I didn't hit anybody.
cgv	how come you were throwing rocks.
kid	I saw the other boys doing it.
cgv	what were you throwing rocks at.
kid	the grass.
cgv	oh.
kid	I was trying to throw a rock across the street (ex)cept I couldn't.
cgv	did you throw em at kids.
kid	no not kids you just throw rocks at grass right.
cgv	yeah.
kid	and we were throwing grass at grass.
cgv	you were throwing grass at grass.
kid	no we were throwing rocks at rocks.
cgv	I think you're going bananas.
kid	we throwed rocks at grass Daddy how come if you're gon (t)a make this you need a really flat rock.
cgv	so that you can tie it right.
kid	and is that how you tie it right.
cgv	here.
kid	yeah.
cgv	yeah.
kid	is it gon (t)a fall out.
cgv	what.
kid	that flat rock.
cgv	I don't know it might.
kid	how come.
cgv	I don't know if it will I just said that it might.
kid	oh it's hard to get in here this is very tight this is really tight the rock shouldn't fall out now I got some more sawdust.
cgv	what are you going to do.
kid	throw it in the dirt see you later.
cgv	whatta what do] you want.
kid	this time just get me bread.
cgv	bread and no honey.
kid	yeah bread and no honey bread and no honey I like bread and no honey is what I like thanks now I'm going back outside to look around this is mine can I share it with you.
cgv	yeah that would be nice hey where are you taking your chair.
kid	outside to throw I'm not gon (t)a throw it on any sharp things.
cgv	you better not.
kid	someday could I bring my caterpillar to school.
cgv	yeah.
kid	and people will see it and and the teacher will say +"/..
kid	+" Abe brought this.
kid	and the kids will say +"/..
kid	+" that's really really neat.
kid	do you want to break this.
cgv	huh.
kid	do you want to break this.
kid	I don't want it.
cgv	we need to get your caterpillar something to eat.
kid	here's something.
cgv	he needs more than that what could we get him.
kid	I know I know where's some more.
kid	I know where's some more.
cgv	some more what.
kid	some more leaves I will get some more leaves where we got the other leaves yesternight@c.
cgv	wait he doesn't need more leaves.
kid	oh does he like grass too.
cgv	leave the grass there we just got that planted.
kid	are those leaves.
cgv	these.
cgv	these are.
kid	grass.
cgv	no they're big weeds.
kid	(ex)cept how do they how do those kind of caterpillars eat em.
cgv	we'll see.
kid	where did you get those.
kid	across the street.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	do you see him.
kid	I see him he's moving.
cgv	is he moving.
kid	yeah those are so some sticks could fit in so.
cgv	what.
kid	I said some sticks could come in there and he could crawl he could crawl on the sticks see those those two those one hole is for a stick see.
cgv	yeah.
kid	he's not hungry now.
cgv	doesn't look like it it's getting windy isn't it.
kid	yeah maybe it's time for it to rain we'll have a storm.
cgv	would you like that.
kid	I would hate it storms always wake me up Daddy is this all I got.
cgv	what.
kid	is this all the tools I got.
cgv	I think so isn't that a lot.
kid	nope I'm trying to touch him.
cgv	hey don't touch the caterpillar.
kid	why not.
kid	he will move that way.
cgv	what.
kid	he will move that way.
cgv	yeah but if you keep touching him he'll die do you want him to die.
kid	no.
cgv	wait until he grows a bit and then you can touch him.
kid	when could we carry him if he's bigger enough.
kid	like a snake.
cgv	he won't get that big he'll get about two inches long.
kid	how long is two inches long.
cgv	this long.
kid	oh can we squirt the plants.
cgv	no Mom already did she tried to call you.
kid	I'm still hungry I'm still hungry I'm still hungry I'm still hungry I'm still hungry I'm still hungry I'm still hungry I'm still hungry I'm still hungry I'm still hungry what's this for.
cgv	that's a little plastic covering.
kid	could I keep it.
cgv	what would you use it for.
kid	to scoop sand.
cgv	okay.
kid	then put it in here thanks Dad.
cgv	you're welcome.
