participant	content
kid	huh.
cgv	who else uses earphones.
kid	people people.
cgv	uhhuh I was thinking of different occupations.
kid	syrup was a good one.
cgv	what is.
cgv	pancakes.
kid	I said syrup is a good one for pancakes.
cgv	it makes them sweet doesn't it.
cgv	are you ready for some little pancakes.
kid	for littlest.
cgv	do you think you can eat some more.
kid	yeah I'm really hungry that's half long.
cgv	huh.
kid	that's half long.
cgv	what's half long.
kid	Mommy do you want any more of my pancakes.
cgv	no you can leave them.
kid	I'm squashing them okay Mom.
kid	Dad would you like to feel this.
cgv	no thanks that looks pretty yucky.
kid	Momma I want a shirt on.
cgv	okay I'm gon (t)a wash you off first I have to do the laundry.
kid	rosary.
cgv	laundry do you remember what a rosary is.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	what Ninny@f had.
kid	I don't know what a rosary is.
cgv	it's a long string of beads are you all sticky Abe.
kid	just part sticky how come you cut those in two.
cgv	so they'll fit in my mouth easier.
kid	how come you cut em up Dad.
cgv	so that they wouldn't run away.
cgv	do pancakes run.
kid	they do not how come you cut your waffles up Mom.
kid	how come you cut your waffles up Dad.
kid	how come you cut your waffles up Dad.
cgv	I thought I already told you.
kid	I said pancakes don't run my tummy sticks my hand sticks and my tummy sticks.
cgv	I'll wipe you off in just a second.
kid	put your pancakes in your mouth look at that little pancake Mom.
cgv	do you want it.
kid	uhhuh look at that little pancake.
cgv	here you go.
kid	do it do it do it Mom do it do it do it Mom.
cgv	do what.
cgv	be patient Abe.
kid	wash my hands wash my hands that's cold.
cgv	we don't have any hot water.
kid	dry me off Mom dry me off Mom dry me off Mom Mommy how come mosquitoes come out at night.
cgv	they sleep during the day and then when it gets cool at night they come out it's too hot during the day.
kid	how come they sleep in the sun if it's too hot.
cgv	they don't.
cgv	they hide.
cgv	they go where it's cool like by the swamp that way it's not too hot for them.
kid	Mommy I have a good thing to catch mosquitoes you get a pin a sharp pin and then you put it in the mosquitoes then you kill the mosquitoes.
cgv	you really have to be fast and accurate to get mosquitoes that way.
cgv	have you ever got any mosquitoes like that.
kid	no but this night I will.
cgv	you're going to try.
kid	I think I will (ex)cept Daddy look what happened to my tummy.
cgv	how did that happen.
kid	I don't know if I fell off my bike.
cgv	do you think it happened when you fell off your bike.
kid	I think so I can't see you I can't see you I can't see you I can't see you I can't see you I can't see you I can't see you.
cgv	open your eyes and then you'll be able to see me.
kid	after one day is it gon (t)a be kid's day.
cgv	what.
kid	is it gon (t)a be one day before it's kid's day.
cgv	one more day today's Monday tomorrow's Tuesday and the next day's Wednesday and what happens on Wednesday.
kid	it's kid's day right.
cgv	right.
kid	Mom some of your spider plant died.
cgv	I know it's really had a rough time.
kid	maybe it growed@n too long and it bended down it bended down Mom.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	some is living some is living Momma.
cgv	yeah.
kid	Mommy I had a bad dream tonight.
cgv	what was it about.
kid	it was about hawks mean hawks.
cgv	oh we all need to take a bath we're all dirty.
kid	(ex)cept I'm not I don't need to take a bath I don't stink you do.
cgv	well you're going to take a bath.
kid	I don't like to take a bath I hate to take a bath let's stay at our new apartment.
cgv	we don't have any hot water yet.
kid	I'm not going to take a bath.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I'm not sticky any more that's how come that's how come Mom.
cgv	you might not be sticky but your body's dirty.
kid	then I'm not gon (t)a take a bath then I'm not gon (t)a take a bath then I'm not gon (t)a take a bath.
cgv	I have news for you.
kid	what.
cgv	you are going to take a bath.
kid	I'm not I don't want to I'm not dirty just my knees are dirty not the rest.
cgv	I'm ready to go.
kid	are we going to ride our bikes to our old apartment.
cgv	let's go Abe you need to get dressed.
kid	I can't I don't know how to put my shirt on.
cgv	I'll help you come on.
kid	lunch Mommy look.
cgv	what do you want to eat.
kid	I want honey crackers I want crackers with honey I want crackers with honey and milk too and grate me some cheese and get me some crackers with milk.
cgv	okay.
kid	no I mean get me some cheese grate some cheese for me and then get me some crackers with honey and then get me some milk okay.
kid	okay Momma.
cgv	okay.
cgv	hi.
kid	who were you talking to.
cgv	to you and Mommy.
kid	Mom we got some mail Mom we got some mail what is in there.
kid	a book for me.
cgv	we'll see.
kid	Daddy do it open it open it.
cgv	okay it's not a book for you Abe.
cgv	what kind of crackers do you want Abe.
kid	I want a honey cracker and a peanut butter cracker.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mommy.
cgv	what.
kid	grate me some cheese.
cgv	I am.
kid	that's cutting not grating.
cgv	I have to cut the mold off.
kid	Mommy get me a cracker with honey.
cgv	Abe I'm going as fast as I can.
kid	I'm starving.
cgv	be patient.
kid	I'm gon (t)a sit right here until you get me a cracker.
cgv	okay here you go.
kid	how come you got me two of em.
cgv	because you said you wanted one with peanut butter and one with honey.
kid	oh Mommy what does order mean.
kid	Mommy what does order mean.
cgv	order.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	it means you want something and the store doesn't have it so you have to order it.
kid	and what does order mean.
cgv	that's when you ask someone to get you something that's called ordering.
kid	Mommy where's our curtains.
kid	where's our curtains.
cgv	we haven't hung them up yet Abe we don't have any curtain rods.
kid	Dad who was there.
kid	who was there.
cgv	our next door neighbor.
kid	Jason.
cgv	no.
kid	who.
kid	who Daddy.
cgv	Barbara.
kid	who's Barbara.
cgv	our new next door neighbor.
kid	what is next.
cgv	the people who live right there that's next door.
kid	Mom what are you doing.
cgv	fixing Daddy something for lunch.
kid	after lunch could I have a snack.
cgv	yep.
kid	what are you fixing for Daddy.
cgv	an omelet.
kid	Mommy would you wipe off my legs.
cgv	I will.
kid	do you know what I want for a snack.
kid	you could make some cookies and I could eat one I could have a cookie if you would make some okay.
cgv	what kind of cookies.
kid	plain cookies plain okay.
cgv	plain.
kid	uhhuh plain cookies I could eat plain cookies while you clean up the house okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	okay we'll make some cookies in a little while what would you like for dinner.
kid	waffles.
cgv	I don't think so.
kid	then pancakes.
cgv	nope.
kid	I give up.
cgv	huh.
kid	I give up.
cgv	how (a)bout Chinese beef and rice.
kid	(ex)cept I don't like the beef what are you making now.
cgv	that sounds good.
cgv	an omelet.
kid	like cheese.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Dad what are you doing.
kid	Dad what are you doing.
cgv	I'm washing off the record player.
kid	how come.
cgv	it's dirty.
