participant	content
kid	where the shade tree was.
cgv	where's that.
kid	I will show you I will show you when you come with me it's over across the street I'll show you the little bottle.
cgv	huh.
kid	I'm gon (t)a show you the little bottle over across the street do you wan(t) (t)a come over across the street.
cgv	why don't we wait until after we eat.
cgv	okay.
cgv	dinner's almost ready.
kid	Mommy I want some milk.
cgv	okay.
kid	I punched someone that had white hair like me I punched I punched someone that had blond hair like me.
cgv	how come you punched him.
kid	it was part of the game.
cgv	I hope you weren't being mean.
kid	I wasn't we laughed it was just a silly game we laughed and talked and punched.
cgv	oh.
kid	we are having chicken for dinner.
cgv	steak.
kid	no I'm pretending everybody we're having chicken for dinner everybody we're having chicken for dinner everybody we're having chicken for dinner.
cgv	Abe do you know where these should go.
kid	where.
cgv	in your art drawer.
kid	in my art drawer.
cgv	if you're not going to use your art drawer I can use it for something else.
kid	I am going to use it it's it's a desk right.
kid	it's a desk right Momma.
cgv	you can pretend it's your desk.
kid	it is really my desk I like it to be a desk we're not gon (t)a eat now right Mom.
kid	let's go I will show you where I saw that little bottle Mommy you're finishing dinner right.
kid	it's going to be a short time right.
cgv	it's almost done.
kid	oh then I will show Daddy real quick quick I'm gon (t)a show Daddy real quick where I saw that little bottle.
cgv	no leave it there.
kid	I'm not gon (t)a home it I'm gon (t)a leave it across the street.
cgv	okay I'm sorry.
kid	I'm gon (t)a show Daddy Dad come with me.
cgv	okay.
kid	Dad look at our new garden.
cgv	how nice that's really a neat garden.
kid	we have three now.
cgv	what.
kid	we have three now.
cgv	three what.
kid	three gardens.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mommy could I sit here.
cgv	why don't you sit in your own chair.
cgv	I don't think you can reach the table if you sit there.
kid	I could look.
cgv	no.
cgv	get in your chair.
kid	I could stand on it what are we going to have.
cgv	a taste treat.
kid	a toast treat.
cgv	a taste treat.
kid	a taste treat it's not a taste treat a bone too.
cgv	do you want the bone.
kid	aren't they pork chops.
kid	aren't they pork chops.
cgv	you can call them that if you want to.
kid	Mom could I eat the crust part.
kid	Mom could I eat the crust part.
cgv	sure that's the best part it's so crispy.
kid	I got lots of bites I got lots of mosquito bites.
cgv	you sure do.
kid	I'm gon (t)a feed this bone to a doggy Mommy isn't this a house or apartment.
cgv	this is an apartment but it's our home.
kid	what does home mean.
kid	does home mean a house.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I'm gon (t)a have a lettuce.
cgv	there's your lettuce right there.
kid	(ex)cept could I eat just the lettuce.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I'm gon (t)a have a salad.
kid	I'm gon (t)a have salad what's this.
cgv	ketchup.
kid	it used to be this that you put on pancakes.
cgv	uhhuh that's a old syrup bottle.
cgv	Abe you don't put ketchup on your lettuce do you want some on your plate.
kid	no not any on my plate I wanted salad like you do.
cgv	dressing.
kid	yeah not any tomatoes give it to me I like dressing we could put it on the table like these like these are on the table we could put it on the table.
cgv	that's right.
kid	somebody could eat the meat and I could eat the bone.
cgv	I have to go to the dentist tomorrow.
kid	how come.
kid	how come Momma.
kid	is Daddy gon (t)a babysit me.
cgv	no you're going to school.
kid	maybe I shouldn't have dressing I guess I don't need dressing.
cgv	eat all the lettuce then do you want some broccoli.
kid	is it cooked.
kid	is it cooked.
cgv	no I just rinsed it off where's that fly.
kid	I see it.
cgv	where is it Abe.
kid	there look what should I do with this.
cgv	put it on your plate.
kid	can I have another piece of broccoli.
kid	I just want one piece that piece oh boy look I don't have any dressing on here.
cgv	do you want some cauliflower.
kid	what's cauliflower.
cgv	this eat your meat.
kid	how come.
kid	I got lots of bites.
cgv	how about gnawing on the bone.
cgv	pretend you're a dog.
kid	huh.
kid	what did you say.
cgv	pretend you're a dog and eat the bone.
kid	do you want to hear another sound.
cgv	what Abe.
kid	do you want to hear another sound.
cgv	yeah.
cgv	was that a dog.
kid	it was a lion do you want to hear another sound.
kid	a noise [=! makes noise].
kid	that was a loud noise.
cgv	did you show Daddy where that little bottle was.
kid	yeah [=! makes noise] I yell when I'm scared.
cgv	are you going to eat your corn when we get it out of the garden.
kid	yeah don't cut it off okay.
cgv	you just want to eat it off the cob right.
kid	yeah.
cgv	did you tell Daddy about the garden we planted today.
kid	I showed him it when we went to see the little bottle I dug worm holes in our garden.
cgv	wow.
kid	who put this lettuce on the table so I could eat it.
kid	I love lettuce I want to drink some milk Mom there's no milk in here.
cgv	can you tell me why.
kid	I drinked it all up you can't see my eyes now.
cgv	nope.
cgv	I found a new way home from school today.
kid	how.
cgv	I'll show you tomorrow.
kid	the way we comed@n home from the library.
cgv	right down Commonwealth.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	turn on little streets you dumb dumb telephone.
kid	I like our new telephone.
cgv	have you talked on our new telephone yet.
kid	no.
cgv	I wish you'd eat something Abe.
kid	I'm gon (t)a drink all my milk now and eat all my lettuce now I'm not hungry because I had a little bit of cauliflower.
cgv	Abe you're really loud talk a little softer okay.
kid	I don't want to.
cgv	hey where do you want to take Karen when she comes up.
kid	fishing more milk.
cgv	eat some of your meat.
kid	this is a really crispy piece someone needs to eat the side of this bone I think it would be nice if you did then someone else will eat the rest I need to wash my hands.
cgv	you need to take a bath.
kid	no I don't want to take a bath.
cgv	you have to.
kid	then I could stay up late as you are gon (t)a stay up.
cgv	no you didn't take a nap.
kid	you didn't get me any banana bread when I goed@n to school.
cgv	I thought you didn't want any.
kid	I said I wanted some and you didn't get me any.
cgv	I'll give you some tomorrow morning.
kid	get me some banana bread now.
cgv	eat your meat.
cgv	do you want to play that game.
kid	what game.
cgv	close your eyes and open your mouth and I'll put something in it and you eat it you have to guess what it is and then you can have a surprise.
kid	okay.
cgv	ready.
cgv	what does it taste like.
kid	it tastes like a hawk.
cgv	you better guess again you're wrong.
kid	I was telling Mom.
cgv	it's meat but it's not hawk meat I hope.
kid	how come.
cgv	what does hawk meat taste like.
kid	it just has fish in it.
cgv	does that taste like fish.
kid	no it has lots of water and you drink it and it tastes like meat that's what hawk meat tastes like.
cgv	it's really moist.
kid	yeah because you drink the water from the hawk meat.
cgv	oh.
kid	hawks like to eat oranges and they eat em all do you know what hawks eat for dinner.
cgv	what do they eat.
kid	they eat inside a cave and when it rains they eat little little little eggs we throw on the ground and they take em home and eat em.
cgv	oh.
kid	do you know what happened today.
kid	we saw Jason and we talked to him.
cgv	where did you see Jason at.
kid	when we went to read those books.
cgv	oh.
kid	Jason comed@n by he said +"/..
kid	+" oh Abe I'm gon (t)a here.
kid	and it was really funny I want some milk I want some milk I want some milk.
cgv	okay.
kid	I want a surprise.
cgv	eat the meat and I'll go get it.
kid	okay Daddy I'm eating it.
cgv	okay.
kid	hawks hate meat mean hawks like meat because because meat is tasty for mean hawks mean hawks have big big eye a big eye like this hawks have just one big eye.
cgv	just one.
kid	one like a octopus one like a octopus.
cgv	I thought octopuses had two eyes.
kid	octopuses have one eye one big round eye.
cgv	are you sure.
kid	yeah one round eye one round eye like hawks have.
cgv	do you mean their body.
cgv	the thing tentacles come from.
kid	I mean one big eye like these octopuses have one eye I made a octopus with one eye.
cgv	octopuses have two eyes.
kid	one eye.
cgv	what does he do if he gets dirt in that eye.
kid	huh.
cgv	what does he do if he gets dirt in that eye.
kid	he does that where's Daddy.
cgv	I think he went to get your surprise.
kid	my penis is peeking.
cgv	from out of your shorts.
kid	my penis is peeking he said peekaboo hello penis that's such a long penis.
cgv	do you want the rest of your salad.
kid	no I'm finished eating my meat.
cgv	good.
kid	Daddy know what.
cgv	what.
kid	one battery's coming out.
cgv	we need to put the top on.
kid	then it will work is just one in there or two.
cgv	two.
kid	show me what my surprise is.
cgv	what.
kid	show me what my surprise is.
cgv	oh here.
kid	oh Mommy a.
cgv	a what.
kid	I was showing Momma Daddy what are these.
cgv	they're little wax pops.
kid	oh.
