participant	content
kid	what kind of story.
cgv	about a hawk.
cgv	did you get ready to go camping today.
kid	yeah yeah I wanted to take this camping and some candy and some more candy to roast on the camp fire.
cgv	what are you going to roast on the camp fire.
kid	candy.
cgv	candy.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	I don't think you could roast that kind on the camp fire you're thinking about bunnies aren't you.
kid	yeah candy and some yellow bunnies.
cgv	do you think this kind of candy would work.
kid	yeah.
cgv	how would you get the stick in it.
kid	no no no not that kind of candy I mean a different kind of candy like marshmallows like yalla_candy@c yalla_candy@c yeah Mommy some hawks eat yalla_candy@c.
cgv	they do.
kid	uhhuh can you say yalla_candy@c.
cgv	yalla_candy@c.
cgv	yalla_candy@c.
kid	yeah yalla_candy@c comes on the sticks real easily it's really soft.
cgv	what does it taste like.
kid	maybe it tastes like licorice.
cgv	wow.
kid	yeah when you roast it on the camp fire it tastes like licorice.
cgv	what does it look like.
kid	it makes me jump up and down or I could I could hold this then I could lasso hawks boy it gets all tangled up that way.
cgv	Abe did you go to school today.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what did you do.
kid	I thought maybe it would be good to get Mommy a surprise so I did and me a surprise so I got Mommy a surprise and me a surprise.
cgv	did you show Daddy my surprise.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I did Daddy did I show your you my surprise.
cgv	no you didn't.
kid	it was some some some money.
cgv	it was some money.
kid	yeah.
cgv	you didn't show me my surprise.
kid	I didn't get you a surprise.
cgv	you didn't.
cgv	I'm sad.
kid	no don't be sad I thought I would (ex)cept I didn't see one for you.
cgv	oh would you have got me one if you would have saw one.
kid	yeah I didn't I got a surprise uh the surprise I found for Mommy was in my closet.
cgv	your closet at school.
kid	yeah.
cgv	did you tell Daddy what we played outside.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	and Sherry was with us.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	hide and seek.
kid	hide and seek yeah Mommy I'm trying to open this look look see.
cgv	your suitcase.
kid	yeah look at all this maybe I could eat all of these now.
cgv	you're going to do what with all of them.
kid	I could eat these since they're all on the table.
cgv	oh.
kid	I'm gon (t)a eat them all.
cgv	what else happened at school.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	you don't know.
kid	they had some fishes.
cgv	there were some fish there.
kid	yeah.
cgv	in an aquarium.
kid	yeah we goed@n to a store that had fish and the man got some fish for us.
cgv	you went to the store today when you were at school.
kid	no no a long day.
cgv	when.
kid	a long day really a long day.
cgv	a long time ago.
kid	no no a long day.
cgv	a day a long time ago.
kid	yeah.
cgv	who was your teacher when you went to get the fish.
cgv	was Greg there.
kid	yeah big Greg.
cgv	how long ago was that.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	it was about five weeks ago.
kid	oh hey where's the other money I got from school.
cgv	did you put it in your pocket.
kid	no where did I put it.
cgv	do you know what kind of fish you have at school.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what kind are they.
kid	some goldfish and and and I don't know what else.
cgv	goldfish.
kid	gold fish and black fish.
cgv	oh how many are there.
kid	one two three four.
cgv	what do you call them.
kid	maybe goldfish that's what I call them put this in the refrigerator I'm uh put this in the refrigerator I need to go poop.
cgv	okay.
kid	and when I get out of pooping I'm gon (t)a open the refrigerator and get my milk.
cgv	okay.
kid	hey turn the light on.
cgv	well what do you say.
kid	please.
cgv	you weren't kidding.
kid	I wasn't I had to go poo+poo Mommy why does Andy poop in his pants.
cgv	to tell the truth I don't know why do you think he poops in his pants.
kid	I don't know Greggy and I poop in the pottie.
cgv	yeah you're big boys aren't you.
kid	yeah we are big boys (ex)cept Andy isn't we should call him a baby.
cgv	do you think that would make him sad if you called him a baby.
kid	no I don't think so but it would I wan(t) (t)a wipe my bottom.
cgv	what.
kid	I'm gon (t)a wipe my bottom.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mommy.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I don't need to run with my stick.
cgv	you don't.
kid	no because the nurse always says +"/..
kid	+" don't run with your stick.
kid	I mean uh uh +....
cgv	with your pencil.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what did you say when she said that.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" I want to.
cgv	what did she say.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	did she explain why you shouldn't run with a small pencil.
kid	it's a big pencil not a small pencil Mommy Mommy.
cgv	what.
kid	when the hawks catch me I would get mine mine knife out and start running and then when I got him I would cut his fur off.
cgv	what would you do with his fur.
kid	I would pretend it would be a coat.
cgv	oh what do you think the hawk would say.
kid	when he died he had bones and when you cut his fur off you see his bones some people don't like hawks they think they have they are slimy.
cgv	what do you think.
kid	I think they are good animals.
cgv	you don't think they're very nice.
kid	I think they are (ex)cept mean ones catch me.
cgv	what would they do if they caught you.
kid	I would run and get mad and then I would catch em and cut their fur off.
cgv	what would they do if they caught you.
kid	I don't know mean hawks catch me (ex)cept nice hawks eat meat and nice hawks don't catch people.
cgv	oh they just let em run around.
kid	yeah hawks go in the river to drink and they have webbed feet like ducks.
cgv	they have what.
kid	webbed feet like ducks.
cgv	oh does that help them swim.
kid	yeah Mommy don't forget to say Daddy ["] and he would say +"/..
kid	+" what.
kid	and you would say +"/..
kid	+" Abe knows that hawks have webbed feet.
cgv	oh Daddy.
cgv	what.
cgv	guess what kind of feet hawks have.
cgv	big pointed feet with seventeen toes.
kid	no no they have three feet.
cgv	three.
kid	yeah mean hawks catch nice people Daddy I would protect you from mean hawks.
cgv	you would.
kid	yeah because mean hawks catch people Daddy hawks have web feet like ducks.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I'll see you in a little while.
kid	I see you too Dad Dad when I catch a little fish uh when I catch a mean hawk I would cut the fur off Daddy did you know hawks hadded@n bones and black fur.
cgv	black fur.
kid	yeah hawks have three feet web feet like ducks and they have trunks.
cgv	trunks too.
kid	yeah like elephants and they have funny ears and they have those kind of ears.
cgv	elephant ears.
kid	yeah they're really tall animals they're really tall animals like elephants.
cgv	wow.
kid	maybe I could use this for a hook Daddy my yellow ball is up there.
cgv	how'd it get up there.
kid	I throwed it on the ceiling and it got up there so get it down.
cgv	let me see if I can see it.
kid	it goed@n up there.
cgv	okay I'm looking okay.
kid	yeah that was what I wanted Daddy can I get a bunny.
cgv	a what.
kid	a bunny.
cgv	where are they.
kid	I don't know maybe in the cubboard cupboard].
cgv	I bet that they're all gone.
kid	yeah maybe they are.
cgv	maybe the easter bunny will bring you some.
kid	I got it.
cgv	you really like throwing that ball don't you.
kid	Daddy know what I could do.
cgv	what.
cgv	when did you learn how to do that.
kid	when I was three a long day after I was four I would be five right.
cgv	right when did you learn to throw the ball like that.
kid	in Texas.
cgv	hey don't throw it at the plants you might hurt em.
kid	they don't cry.
cgv	you can't hear em but they might.
kid	they won't plants don't cry.
cgv	are you sure.
kid	yeah see they're not crying see I almost did it.
cgv	uhhuh there you go you did it that time.
kid	Daddy know what I could do.
kid	I pretend this is a mmm and I throw it.
cgv	that's pretty clever.
kid	Daddy I found a hook or it's a part of a table it could be a part of a table Daddy I know a different way to eat seeds.
cgv	you know what.
kid	I know a different way to eat flower sunflower seeds.
cgv	how.
kid	you get your mouth then you get all of it then you start chewing that's how.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy hand me the scissors the sharp scissors.
cgv	okay.
cgv	0.
kid	you did it you did it Dad.
cgv	yeah.
kid	when you when hawks see a pencil and a knife they get scared and when you get one like that they start to run and then you get em then you cut their fur off and you can see their bones.
cgv	doesn't that hurt them when you do that.
kid	no mean hawks catch people (ex)cept nice hawks don't.
cgv	yeah but doesn't it hurt the hawks when you cut their fur off.
kid	no they don't have blood.
cgv	can't you hurt if you don't have blood.
kid	no.
cgv	so if I cut a hawk's head off it wouldn't hurt him.
kid	no no no if you cut the fur off it wouldn't hurt.
cgv	but if I cut his head off would that hurt him.
kid	no.
cgv	how come.
kid	they they don't cry and they don't have blood like people and fish hawks are like trees they have bark.
cgv	bark.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	wow.
kid	Daddy some hawks are dinosaurs.
cgv	there's a whole lot of types of hawks aren't there.
kid	yeah chew hawks are really strange they chew elephants up they have really sharp teeth and one more kind of hawk.
cgv	what type is that.
kid	honey hawk brontosaurus dinosaur.
cgv	honey hawk brontosaurus dinosaur.
kid	yeah that's a kind of hawk honey dinosaurs eat honey.
cgv	they do.
kid	yeah from honey trees that don't have bees.
cgv	do all the different kinds of hawks look alike.
kid	some don't.
cgv	how could I tell a nice hawk from a mean hawk.
kid	maybe from they hawks eat sea+shells some hawks eat sea+shells if you see a hawk eating a sea+shell you know if he's mean.
cgv	mean hawks eat sea+shells.
kid	yeah Daddy.
cgv	what.
kid	some hawks eat meat from dinosaurs.
cgv	is the dinosaur brontosaurus hawk one of those.
kid	yeah hey what is that.
cgv	it's a sore.
kid	no right there what is that.
cgv	it's a sore.
kid	I don't have sores.
