participant	content
cgv	they are apples.
kid	uhhuh we on Saturday night we make pizzas and tacos.
cgv	yeah.
cgv	we can't decide which to make pizzas or tacos.
cgv	why don't we have both.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	uhhuh right.
kid	oh.
cgv	when are we going to make that.
kid	on Friday or Thursday.
cgv	on Friday or Thursday.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	we were thinking about using that hot cheese on tacos you know in slices.
kid	let's let's eat pizza instead Mom.
cgv	okay you'd rather have pizza.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	okay.
kid	my owie feel better Daddy my owie feel better.
cgv	I'm glad Abe how did you do that.
kid	this owie don't have anything on it.
cgv	it hurt but it didn't break the skin Abe.
kid	yeah.
kid	you want some walnuts.
kid	yeah yeah.
cgv	how did you hurt your leg Abe.
kid	no my knee my knee.
cgv	your knee.
cgv	how did you do that.
kid	I hurt it on the on the on the rocks.
cgv	oh.
cgv	I thought you fell down in the parking lot.
kid	on the rock parking lot.
cgv	on the rocks in the parking lot.
kid	uhhuh we missed you Edna.
kid	we missed you we missed you.
kid	uhhuh.
kid	oh.
kid	oh.
cgv	did you tell Edna who you played with last night Abe.
kid	who.
cgv	Lynnie.
kid	Lynnie.
kid	yeah.
cgv	Abe didn't have his nap and didn't feel like being mothered.
kid	I had a nap at Lynnie's house.
cgv	you got what.
cgv	he took a nap at Lynnie's house.
cgv	oh.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	from about twelve forty five to two o'clock.
cgv	she's beautiful really sweet.
kid	I like her I like Lynnie.
cgv	that's good.
cgv	she likes you too Abe.
kid	huh.
kid	I think so.
kid	okay.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	you can walk around and pick up apples together.
cgv	we'd better not talk about that there might not be any apples we'll come over early tomorrow +....
kid	I miss you too hey I miss you too.
cgv	you miss me.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	good I miss you too.
cgv	when do you miss Dad.
kid	we goed@n in the car and I miss (th)em.
kid	you are pretty good for us.
kid	um um hide on it Mom um.
cgv	she has long shoestrings doesn't she.
cgv	all the way up.
kid	I have I have big shoe too.
kid	yeah you have to wear your boots in the Winter too.
kid	when I when when when I when we go in the car there be we go camping and fishing another week I want to +....
kid	and picking berries.
cgv	and waking up and cooking breakfast on the camp+fire.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that's what I want to do the weekend of the twenty seventh.
kid	that we do when we go camping and roast and we bring marshmallows.
cgv	and make some hot rolls to bring and warm up on the fire.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that's a good idea you had Abe.
kid	and get some bears too.
cgv	see some bears.
kid	uhhuh see some bears.
cgv	and find raccoons.
kid	yeah find raccoons.
cgv	and look for other animals' footprints.
kid	yeah make and see antelopes.
kid	I like antelopes.
cgv	I like canteloupes cantaloupes] too Abe.
kid	I like canteloupes cantaloupes] food and and they taste good.
cgv	when did you ever eat one.
cgv	I've been trying to get you to eat em ever since you were born still haven't eaten any.
kid	when I um when I look up and see leaves staying on the trees.
cgv	uhhuh see one tree doesn't have any leaves left now.
kid	that tree has some.
cgv	oh this is just beautiful would you like a grilled cheese sandwich.
kid	Mommy some yogurt.
cgv	would you like your yogurt now.
kid	my yogurt now.
cgv	yea yogurt now yea yogurt now I'd like some yogurt too.
cgv	no you won't.
cgv	oh I can't have any.
kid	Daddy you can you can +....
kid	you can have some of it yeah you can have some yogurt.
cgv	Abe you're getting so good about sharing your things oh that coffee pot sme:lls so good.
cgv	we should probably keep that always you know with water boiling in it or something just have the smell generated throughout the house.
cgv	you want us to bring that one or the sixteen cup.
kid	I need peanut butter and <and foo(d)> and green food coloring okay.
cgv	this is what he puts in his yogurt just (a)bout makes my stomach turn.
cgv	peanut butter and food coloring.
cgv	Abe loves it.
cgv	what color is it going to be this week Abe.
cgv	or today well tell us.
kid	um I don't know.
cgv	you don't.
kid	you have one night you get me yellow I didn't ask for yellow.
cgv	you want yellow.
cgv	he didn't ask for yellow.
cgv	you want yellow now.
kid	green and yellow.
cgv	you're supposed to stir it up Abe.
kid	I'm licking the spoon off.
cgv	oh you're licking the spoon I see good idea to lick the spoon.
kid	I like your kitty+cat Edna.
kid	I like it.
kid	green.
kid	it disappeared.
kid	&m pee+pee.
cgv	getting full.
kid	I got full.
cgv	eat it all up.
kid	I don't want my yogurt I have a mustache.
cgv	you have a mustache.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	what color do you think it is.
kid	it's white.
cgv	how could it be white if your yogurt's green.
kid	I grew a green and white mustache <gree(n)> green heehee heehee hee(hee).
cgv	I think you're being silly did you tell Edna what was on the wall in the living room last night.
cgv	in Lynnie's house.
kid	a frog.
kid	a frog.
cgv	a frog.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	on the wall.
cgv	they have a frog in the bath+room holding soap in his mouth a night light of a frog and all different sorts of posters of animals.
kid	yeah why why why bobcat was hanging up.
cgv	how did they get the bobcat.
cgv	oh they found the bobcat one day and it had frozen to death in the snow+storm.
cgv	so they skinned it.
cgv	Mina's Dad has a ranch.
kid	when I be get a gun and I kill the the animals when we go camping.
cgv	now that's not a good idea.
cgv	just if you need to protect yourself otherwise we'll just let them live their own life.
kid	one night I we get a gun and and go camping and we're not kill the animals.
cgv	why would you kill them.
cgv	he said we're not.
cgv	oh we're not going to we want them to do as they want to do right.
kid	uhhuh animals eat berries and they eat mushrooms.
cgv	mushrooms did you tell Daddy about all the mushrooms we found yesterday.
kid	we I saw we saw mushrooms.
cgv	really.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	where at.
kid	in the in the grass.
cgv	over on the volleyball court they're everywhere I bet there were seventy five mushrooms out there.
cgv	are those toad+stools or mushrooms.
cgv	toad+stools.
kid	toad+stools are sharp.
cgv	they are.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	they look pretty smooth to me.
kid	I'm going to comb my hair.
cgv	go ahead.
kid	you wan(t) (t)a comb your hair.
cgv	I think you're going the wrong direction.
kid	there.
cgv	wow that felt good.
kid	comb my Daddy's.
cgv	what.
cgv	you want to comb my hair.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	um I don't know if I can take this Abe I'll tell you what I'll give you this part to comb here comb this part here oh ah.
cgv	there you go.
kid	I comb your hair.
cgv	um +....
kid	I'll comb your hair again I wan(t) (t)a comb your hair.
cgv	okay.
kid	you get &m I combed your hair.
cgv	you going to be a barber when you grow up.
kid	not barber.
cgv	what are you going to be.
kid	a potterpotter@c when I grow up.
cgv	what do they do.
kid	they be potter when they they baby potter potter potter okay.
cgv	gibberish.
kid	um.
cgv	you have to transcribe that huh.
kid	I will be potter +....
cgv	a potter.
kid	uhhuh a potter.
cgv	you going to work with a potter's wheel.
kid	no not the potter's wheel.
cgv	oh.
kid	no.
kid	I be poo_poo_gas@f.
cgv	that's his word for f@l a@l r@l t@l.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a be poo_poo_gas@f.
cgv	did you tell Edna what you did yesterday.
kid	I'm gon (t)a be poo_poo_gas@f I'm gon (t)a be poo_poo_gas@f when I grow up.
cgv	will you zoom all over the house.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	course we'd be able to tell that you were around.
cgv	we could really smell that.
kid	I'm yyy.
cgv	I think you're really being silly.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a be gum when I grow up.
cgv	you are.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	can I chew you.
kid	no no &rocken (th)em.
cgv	oh what a faker.
kid.	
cgv	keep it up.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a be gum with and fly up to papa.
cgv	why do you have big teeth.
kid	because I'm a big boy.
cgv	oh that makes sense.
kid	I have this big toe and this big toe and this big toe.
kid	not now.
cgv	what happened to it.
cgv	what happened to your little toe.
kid	it it &m again when I I wan(t) (t)a be a bird when I grow up.
cgv	hey that would be fun what would you do if you were a bird.
kid	I'm gon (t)a I'm I'm gon (t)a ride on the bird.
cgv	ride on the bird.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	do you know how big a bird would be for you to ride on it.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	I'd have to be as big as a horse.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I like Edna's boots.
cgv	I do too.
kid	will they um.
cgv	will they keep your feet warm in the Winter.
kid	when I when I grow up I'm gon (t)a get boots like big boots like that too.
cgv	you are.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	you'd really have to have long legs wouldn't you.
kid	I when I grow up I'm gon (t)a be fatty.
cgv	you're going to be fat.
cgv	what would make you fat.
kid	poo_poo_gas@f make me fat +....
cgv	it would if it didn't come out.
kid	I'm gon (t)a be hey_diddle_diddle in the moon I want (t)a be hey_diddle_diddle the cow I'm gon (t)a be hey_diddle_diddle in the sun.
kid	I'm gon (t)a be hey_diddle_diddle in the sun.
kid	uhhuh.
kid	that be pee poo+poo pee poo+poo I wan(t) (t)a pee+pee in my pottie.
cgv	I think Abe went bananas.
cgv	I think so.
kid	I like banana poop on the pottie.
cgv	I've never seen a banana poop in the pottie I've never seen a banana walking or eating.
kid	or eating poo+poo.
cgv	did you show Edna the picture you drew at school.
cgv	oh yeah on the door.
kid	see the sea+anemone.
cgv	it's a see anemone he said.
cgv	see a sea+anemone.
kid	sea+anemone.
kid	uhhuh.
kid	sea ane(mone) sea+anemones have long fins.
cgv	long fins.
kid	uhhuh like that.
cgv	here.
kid	this is a sea+anemone this is a long fin Edna he have sharp long fins.
kid	uhhuh.
kid	there and that's a sea+anemone like that too.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	animal.
cgv	anemone.
kid	this is that this is like a lizard.
kid	uhhuh when I go to school again I'm gon (t)a draw a lizard for Grandma and Grandpa and Edna and for me.
cgv	for all those people.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	you're going to make so many people happy.
kid	and and I need to tee+tee this red one is dirty this red one is dirty.
cgv	well it'll dry did you finish.
kid	I'm gon (t)a I'm gon (t)a make a baboon too for me and another one for me and a sea+anemone for me and what's that.
kid	what's what's what's +....
cgv	I think that's a different type of sea+anemone.
kid	oh.
cgv	you know you can really make a lot of Christmas presents for people if you make em pictures.
kid	uhhuh.
kid	I'm wan(t) (t)a draw a picture I wan(t) (t)a draw a picture for Edna.
cgv	okay you want to now.
kid	yeah.
cgv	with your colore color] pastels or with your color pencils or with your color crayons.
kid	color +....
cgv	or water colors.
kid	water colors I like this kind of book Mom I like this kind of book Mom.
cgv	I do too you made a lot of real good pictures with that.
kid	yeah really it's really terrific.
kid	um.
cgv	huh here are some walnuts you haven't eaten.
kid	but I don't want it.
cgv	you don't.
kid	hunhunh.
cgv	I'm going to save your yogurt for you so you can eat it later on.
kid	okay.
cgv	it might have some chemical reaction by the time it sets.
kid	I like this see.
cgv	did you tell Edna who got them for you.
kid	who got em for me.
cgv	didn't Terry.
kid	uhhuh Terry got em for me.
kid	no I didn't not very long.
cgv	you're pretty straight forward Abe.
kid	see his eyes.
cgv	you have any idea what you're going to paint.
kid	no that's a sea ane(mone) that maked lines I don't wan(t) (t)a +....
cgv	well here you know why.
cgv	feel the brush it's still really hard from the last time you painted.
cgv	that's pretty interesting though Abe.
cgv	I like them I don't see how you made it as a matter of fact.
cgv	(be)cause the brush was like a pen okay now you can feel it it's soft now.
kid	that pretty.
kid	that purple no it's red it's red.
cgv	you got it out of the red color but it ended up being purple on the paper I think it's the last time you used red you mixed it with purple.
kid	that's red and that's orange and that's yellow that's green and that's blue and that's black and that's brown and that's black.
kid	uhhuh you have to put some water in here.
kid	then it have water I was wrong you have to do it like this.
cgv	you can do it this way.
kid	see it that's red too that's pink.
cgv	uhhuh.
cgv	what are you making Abe.
kid	it's this is a sea+anemone too for Edna too +....
kid	huh.
kid	those are fins those are fins.
cgv	oh he's making the fins now.
kid	see the fins.
kid	all over the place.
cgv	they're all over the place alright.
kid	I like your colors it change shapes.
cgv	let me wipe these off so you can get the true color okay.
cgv	whoops &m okay.
kid	what what's that light on.
cgv	no the sun went behind a cloud; so there's a big shadow over our house.
cgv	I thought you turned the light off too.
kid	it's light again.
kid	it's pretty.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	Abe's been talking about finding octopuses in the ocean when we go there.
kid	no no when I go to Mommy's school and see and we can see slow octopuses and and all the other animals &m and then we ride on them and get another ride on them.
cgv	good luck.
cgv	are you thinking about the jelly fish and the Men_o_War we saw once.
kid	no not the jelly fish no ah the animals.
cgv	the animals.
kid	some more see see see the orange paint see the see the little paints.
cgv	the water paints the finger paints.
kid	it's pretty because it's not blue it's been the color blue.
cgv	uhhuh why is it pretty.
kid	because it's pretty.
cgv	because it's dark.
cgv	shows up better.
kid	yeah shows up better.
cgv	wow I like that purple's always my favorite.
kid	that's brown.
kid	try brown.
cgv	say I think you're getting too much water on the brush.
cgv	Abe where'd the sea+anemone go.
kid	huh.
cgv	where's your sea animal go.
kid	no it's it's for Edna.
cgv	I know but where is it.
cgv	is it still there.
kid	it's still there <this'll be &m> this'll be the top this'll be a huge sea+anemone.
cgv	it's going to be a huge one.
kid	yeah fill the whole paper.
