participant	content
kid	polish what.
cgv	your boots.
kid	yeah I'll use the brown brush know what I dreamed about.
cgv	what.
kid	there was this guy who lived in the dinosaur when the dinosaurs lived and then the next morning when he woke up all the dinosaurs died because all the people in Minnesota were alive.
cgv	did the people in Minnesota kill the dinosaurs.
kid	no all the dinosaurs died because they didn't have any food left there was not anything for them to eat.
cgv	what happened to all the food.
kid	they ate it all at one day.
cgv	why did they eat it all in one day.
kid	because they wanted to get big and strong (ex)cept (ex)cept the plants they eated made em fatter and they popped.
cgv	did you dream about the zoo.
kid	nope Momma do you know how to make this spear.
cgv	how.
kid	like that you have to go like this you have to shoot like that.
cgv	oh.
kid	Momma what would you like to make.
cgv	what would you like to make Abe.
kid	a airplane.
cgv	do you have any of those airplanes left.
kid	just one Mom this spear is going to shoot.
cgv	do you want to get tie scissors and I'll cut it.
kid	cut what.
cgv	Daddy's hair do you want me to cut your hair.
kid	no Mommy I started to tell you something but you didn't tell me.
cgv	okay when the big hand is on the nine then you can wear your boots.
kid	where's the nine.
cgv	see it up there.
kid	yeah put I'm going to wear my cowboy boots now unless they're still not dry.
cgv	Abe they're not dry yet.
kid	nope they're still wet I touched them and they're still wet Mommy now what time is it.
cgv	Abe I told you when the big hand reaches the nine then your boots will be ready.
kid	well I don't like going around in these.
cgv	take your socks off then.
kid	no.
kid	what.
kid	because I wanted to put put up my train look here it is Keith here it is Uncle Keith.
kid	something that a cowboy wears can you put it on me Keith.
kid	when you were a little kid.
kid	I can't even see it.
cgv	why did you hide it.
kid	so nobody could see it that's why.
kid	that's a buffalo I never saw a buffalo like that.
kid	it looks like a buffalo get that back to me get that back to me get that back to me Momma.
cgv	what Abe.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a wear my cowboy boots now.
cgv	is it time yet.
kid	what time is it.
cgv	where's the minute hand.
kid	what is the minute hand.
cgv	it's the long hand.
kid	oh it's on the seven the seven (ex)cept Mom I can't even wait until the nine.
cgv	you have to the polish isn't dry yet.
kid	Keith aren't aren't we supposed to aren't we going to set up my train track now.
kid	Mommy it's almost nine o'clock.
cgv	your boots aren't ready yet Abe.
kid	Keith if we put my train up now then we can play with it all day right.
kid	I want to out Mom.
cgv	last night.
kid	yeah where are they.
cgv	in the suitcase.
kid	oh yeah I remember these (ex)cept I'm going to have honey on these and butter Mom can you put honey on these.
cgv	you'll have to wait a little while okay.
kid	Keith can you put honey and butter on these.
cgv	what.
kid	can you put honey and butter on here.
cgv	okay.
kid	honey and butter on here look out don't you realize that if you put a lot of honey on I'll get all sticky.
cgv	sorry.
kid	Mommy never mind Keith is helping me.
cgv	good.
kid	neat can I have any orange juice.
kid	I want some more orange juice.
kid	in a big glass Momma now are my boots dry.
cgv	yep.
kid	goody why didn't you tell me.
cgv	well you just asked.
kid	I'm going to put em on now so I can go outside where's my flashlight.
kid	Mom where's my flashlight.
cgv	I don't know Abe.
