participant	content
kid	where is it.
kid	hey it's not over here I'm looking for something (ex)cept I don't know where it is.
cgv	yeah.
kid	look.
cgv	I'm looking.
kid	no look right here or right there.
cgv	gee I don't see it anywhere do you.
kid	I don't either hey hey where did it go.
cgv	where did what go.
kid	where did the top go.
kid	I saw it (ex)cept I don't see it now.
cgv	where did you see it last.
kid	huh.
cgv	where did you see the top last.
kid	when I poonked@c it see.
cgv	when you what.
kid	when I poonked@c it.
cgv	what does that mean.
kid	it means it goed@n bonk.
kid	it goed@n bonk on to the floor (ex)cept I don't know where it is.
cgv	oh where's my other shoe at.
cgv	oh let me see my other shoe.
kid	no it's heavy Daddy it's not the right size.
cgv	it's not the right size for who.
kid	for you.
cgv	it sure is.
kid	no see it's too big for me I'll put my sock on hey I can't walk there now I can jump now I could jump on your leg this will be silly I told you it would be silly move your leg right here okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	this has to be heavy (be)fore I could jump over.
cgv	what are you doing.
kid	I'm I'm trying to get this up so high so I won't be hurted when I jump.
cgv	you're going to jump onto the pillows.
kid	yeah.
cgv	oh.
kid	now I will jump jump jump jump.
kid	I knocked it all down.
cgv	you sure did.
kid	I knocked all the pillows down.
cgv	Abe don't put em up there okay.
kid	how come.
cgv	because they won't stay up there.
kid	I tried it and it felled fell] +ed] funny.
cgv	okay you can try again if you want to I guess.
kid	boy it's sure slick hey hey.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I'm getting up like this.
cgv	yeah that worked pretty well that was a good idea to get up like that.
kid	hey hey I knocked all the pillows down but it sure was funny.
cgv	what did you do today.
kid	I played (ex)cept I didn't go to school.
cgv	what.
kid	I didn't go to school today.
cgv	you didn't.
kid	no (ex)cept I felt unsad@c.
cgv	what.
kid	I felt unsad@c when I didn't go to school.
cgv	you felt real sad.
kid	no I felt unsad@c.
cgv	oh you were happy.
kid	no unsad@c.
cgv	what's unsad@c mean.
kid	it means you're sad to go to school you're unsad@c when you don't go to school but you're sad when you go to school.
cgv	wow.
cgv	I didn't know all that.
kid	yeah it means you're sad to go to school just a second I wan(t) (t)a get up this is slipp(er)y@d so slipp(er)y@d I'm climbing up but it's so slipp(er)y@d now I'm gon (t)a jump there now it's all fixed now I could jump there this is so hard.
cgv	what are you doing.
kid	I'm just trying to get up.
cgv	oh.
kid	I can't get up.
cgv	why not.
kid	because it's real slick jump.
kid	did you see me jump.
cgv	no did you jump.
kid	yeah I jumped over these bear bags.
cgv	say why don't we put those up.
kid	put em where that gun is can you help me how to use my paddle.
kid	can you show me how to use my paddle so I could get up.
cgv	get up where.
kid	get up on this thing.
cgv	okay I'll show you do you have to tee+tee.
kid	I think so.
cgv	go tee+tee and I'll show you when you come back are you done.
kid	yeah hurry I need to get up here.
cgv	okay put your hands like this that's right.
kid	move so I could jump.
cgv	oh you're going to jump holding your paddle.
kid	oops I splashed and that's not very good.
cgv	you splashed in the river.
kid	yeah I splashed.
cgv	how come.
kid	because it was deep so I splashed to make my way up.
cgv	oh you splashed so you could get out.
kid	hey who ripped this.
cgv	I don't know we can tape it.
kid	remember we got this.
cgv	huh.
kid	we got this when we went to get your shaving cream at K_Mart (re)member.
cgv	yeah that's right.
kid	oh I need to go poo+poo turn the light on Dad.
cgv	okay.
kid	thanks.
cgv	you're welcome.
kid	why you staying here.
cgv	oh I just thought that I'd keep you company okay.
kid	yeah you could stay here look Mommy fisted@c her balloon.
cgv	she sure did.
kid	Greggy broked@n it today he ripped it off.
cgv	how did he do that.
kid	I don't know someone broked@n my zoo book too (ex)cept I was really mad I was really mad when Greggy broked@n Mommy's balloon too.
cgv	what did you do.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" okay Greg why did you do that.
cgv	what did Greggy say.
kid	uh I don't know.
cgv	you don't remember what he said.
kid	no.
cgv	well what else happened.
kid	someone ripped my zoo book too.
cgv	what happened then.
kid	I was really mad and Greggy said uh and I thought Greggy ripped it all up (ex)cept he said +"/..
kid	+" I didn't rip it Abe someone else did.
cgv	who did.
kid	I don't know we have to find some thing hey what is this.
kid	some thing happened to mine this finger.
cgv	what happened.
kid	maybe it got pinched by something.
cgv	do you think so.
kid	yeah because it looks like it.
cgv	let me see.
kid	get that thing what is that.
cgv	it's a hangnail are you about done pooping.
kid	yeah I think I'm done now how did that hangnail get on my finger.
cgv	huh.
kid	how did that hangnail get on my finger.
cgv	I don't know maybe by uh maybe you were playing and you just got a hangnail.
kid	I was outside.
cgv	you were outside.
kid	yeah (ex)cept I played and I falled@n down and I think I got that hangnail.
cgv	you think you got the hangnail when you fell down outside.
kid	yeah I think so.
cgv	I'm glad we solved that mystery.
kid	a fire a fire a fire is coming our house is firing@n.
cgv	our house is on fire.
kid	yeah I spitted so I could put it out I did.
cgv	what.
kid	I spitted on the ceiling so I could put it out.
cgv	you spit on the ceiling.
kid	yeah.
cgv	is that where the fire was.
cgv	on the ceiling.
kid	yeah there's another fire I'm gon (t)a spit and put it out.
cgv	good I'm glad that you're a fireman.
kid	are you gon (t)a beat me up.
cgv	later on I will if you want me to.
kid	now you could.
cgv	now.
kid	yeah on the bed.
cgv	can we wait a few minutes.
kid	no.
cgv	yeah let's wait because I'm so tired that if we wrestled now you'd beat me to a pulp.
kid	I won't get you in a pulp look at my elephant balloon.
cgv	I really like that Abe.
kid	(ex)cept it's not real the red is for the nose and the those holes are for the eyes and those ears are for the ears and then the nose and the eyes and the trunk.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	hey why don't we make a elephant to spit a fire out of that bed+room.
cgv	what.
kid	my bed is starting uh my ceiling bed+room my ceiling bed+room my ceiling bed+room it's getting on fire.
cgv	your bed+room ceiling.
kid	yeah my bed+room ceiling is getting on fire so I better jump up to spit it with you.
cgv	it'll take two of us to get it out.
kid	yeah come with me.
cgv	go ahead and see if you can do it did you put it out.
kid	no (ex)cept I walked and I got afraid of that fire monster.
cgv	it's a fire monster.
kid	yeah I haven't seen a fire monster in a long long time ago have you seen one a long long time ago.
cgv	no I sure didn't.
kid	I saw him right in there on the ceiling and the fire monster said +"/..
kid	+" leave me alone.
cgv	oh I'm gon (t)a leave him alone.
kid	yeah I better too hey there's a there's a fire elephant let's get him down and make him get the fire out.
cgv	okay do you want me to put it on you.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay there that's really nice put the fire out now okay I'll help you get it off.
kid	it's a elephant balloon it's a fire elephant balloon it's a fire elephant balloon it's a fire elephant balloon Daddy do I go to school today.
cgv	it's almost time to go to bed.
kid	no not tonight today.
cgv	tomorrow.
kid	yeah tomorrow.
cgv	uhhuh you do go to school tomorrow how did you get your elephant.
kid	at at a circus at a circus at school at school we got it.
cgv	when did that happen.
kid	I don't know Friday or Sunday.
cgv	did it happen today.
kid	no no no I got it at school Friday.
cgv	did it happen yesterday.
kid	I think so yesterday when it was day when the sun didn't go down.
cgv	yesterday before the sun went down.
kid	is this yesterday.
cgv	no this is today and yesterday you went to school.
kid	yeah.
cgv	did you get your elephant yesterday.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay.
kid	I got it when when big Greg came and got it to me.
cgv	one of the big guys.
kid	no no big Greg.
cgv	big Greg.
kid	yeah he's this tall.
cgv	he's big isn't he.
kid	yeah he's big Greg.
cgv	am I big Stan.
kid	yeah big Stan know what.
kid	you're Stanley Abraham Duncan.
cgv	that's right I am what did you say when you got that elephant mask.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" I'm gon (t)a put it in my cubby and bring it home.
cgv	oh.
kid	know what.
kid	you could use you could use this paddle for a canoe ride okay.
kid	you could use this paddle for a canoe.
cgv	okay.
kid	for you okay.
cgv	okay and this one's for you.
kid	yeah that one's for you and this one's for me how do I hold it.
cgv	see how Dad's holding it.
kid	show me how.
cgv	okay there you're ready to go canoeing aren't you.
kid	yeah how long we could go.
cgv	I don't know it has to be springtime before we can go okay because there's green grass.
kid	yeah and trees are start budding.
cgv	oh the trees are starting to bud.
kid	yeah bud that's why Spring is on it's way.
cgv	oh who told you that.
kid	Mommy did on Sunday I said +"/..
kid	+" Mommy what is happening to the snow.
kid	and she uh no no no I think I went to school it was Friday when I went to school and we went outside and the teacher big Greg said +"/..
kid	+" hey what happened to the snow.
kid	And I said +/..
cgv	what happened to the snow.
kid	yeah big Greg said that on Friday he said that and and I said +"/..
kid	+" it's melting the snow is melting and Spring is on its way.
cgv	oh where does the snow go when it melts.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	where do you think it might go.
kid	where where where the birds to.
cgv	does it go where the birds to when they leave.
kid	yeah I think so.
cgv	well what happens to it when it melts could you tell me.
kid	water melts it.
cgv	water makes the snow melt.
kid	yeah water.
cgv	does the snow turn into water.
kid	no.
cgv	snow doesn't turn into water.
kid	no only the ice turns into water when you crack the ice.
cgv	only ice turns into water.
kid	yeah.
cgv	where does the snow go again.
kid	huh.
cgv	I forgot where the snow goes.
kid	where the birds go I think.
cgv	when the snow gets there what do the birds do.
kid	they fly this way.
cgv	oh they come back here how come.
kid	because they don't like snow.
cgv	oh I see gee that's interesting so when the snow goes there the birds come back here.
kid	right.
cgv	and when the snow comes back here the birds go back there.
kid	right.
cgv	know what.
cgv	I think birds are pretty smart what do you think.
kid	yeah pretty smart I need to look for my map.
cgv	do you have a map.
kid	yeah on on my book a long long time ago I got a book a pooping book when you poop.
cgv	a book to read when you poop.
kid	yeah.
cgv	a National Geographic.
kid	yeah a book that's really fat Mommy always reads it when she poops.
cgv	okay let's look for your map you look in the bath+room and I'll look out here hey is this it.
kid	huh.
cgv	is this it.
kid	yeah see it has a cowboy on it this is my map.
cgv	what do you use that map for.
kid	for Texas and Minnesota.
cgv	to get around in those places.
kid	that's where we live.
cgv	where.
kid	that's where we live.
cgv	that's Nebraska is that where we live.
kid	yeah.
cgv	here I'll help you find where we live.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a hold it.
cgv	okay now show me where we live you think we live there.
kid	yeah.
cgv	in Writing Rock North Dakota.
kid	yeah.
cgv	see this.
kid	yeah.
cgv	this is Minneapolis_St Paul.
kid	yeah.
cgv	where do you think we live.
kid	up there.
cgv	in Writing Rock.
kid	yeah.
cgv	well since this is Minneapolis_St Paul and since we live in St Paul where do you think we live.
kid	up there.
cgv	you still think we live in Writing Rock.
kid	yeah.
cgv	we live way up here in Writing Rock North Dakota.
kid	yeah.
cgv	and we drive all this way to take you to school in Minneapolis.
kid	yeah.
cgv	gee that must be some school I think we live in St Paul Minnesota.
kid	we live in Writing Rock know what is a wolf.
kid	it has sharp claws and something hanging out of the nose and something something more and it's like a rhinoceros.
cgv	what is this.
kid	a moo@o uh um what is that thing.
kid	I think a wolf and it had one thing long and one thing long and one thing short that's like a rhinoceros.
cgv	I'm still +....
