participant	content
kid	not too much.
cgv	where did we go this morning.
kid	to that guy's house.
cgv	what'd they have there.
kid	a dog and his name was Sam Sam the dog.
cgv	what happened.
kid	I saw a dog and his name was Sam.
cgv	did you like that dog.
kid	yeah he licked me he was as big as me.
cgv	wow.
kid	Daddy am I as big as a five year old.
cgv	almost did Mom tell you that we don't think you should climb the volley ball pole anymore.
kid	hunhunh why.
cgv	because it's got those things sticking out and they could hurt you if you slipped.
kid	I know I even hurt my leg already.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah but not too bad Dad know what.
kid	Chris would like to play a game with you so he would get a surprise.
cgv	Abe come here.
kid	I already know.
cgv	you already know what.
kid	you could always ask.
cgv	right (be)cause sometimes I can't use six year olds in my games so don't ask people unless I tell you okay.
kid	okay I won't (ex)cept you can't even let Jason play never.
cgv	never.
kid	yeah (be)cause he moved we would have to visit him to play a game with him.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	oh I forgot to tell Mommy something Glen already left.
cgv	who's Glen.
kid	it's my new friend.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah there's Lorien too.
cgv	who's Lorien.
kid	remember Amasa's little sister.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	that's Lorien.
cgv	did you tell Daddy where you wanted to go next week Abe.
kid	where.
kid	I forgot.
cgv	Whitewater.
cgv	we can't go.
kid	why.
cgv	because I have lots of stuff to do next week and the week after.
kid	well Daddy I would like to go.
cgv	well we'll see.
kid	Daddy have you got me a surprise.
cgv	no I didn't get you one today Abe.
kid	oh have you seen my ball Daddy.
cgv	I think it's upstairs.
kid	I'll go see is this a pimple Mommy.
kid	is this a pimple.
cgv	uhhuh.
cgv	ow.
cgv	Abe.
kid	that's a pimple.
cgv	well be gentle.
kid	I'm trying to get the pimple.
cgv	oh.
kid	I'm trying to kill the pimple Mommy is this a pimple.
kid	Daddy I think I got one of your hair off.
cgv	don't get my hair okay.
kid	it was a accident Daddy one's bleeding should I get you a paper towel.
kid	I got you this Mommy can I have this.
cgv	yeah.
kid	good I'll use it to stop Daddy's blood.
cgv	no Abe here use this kleenex.
kid	okay Mommy can I get that.
cgv	go ahead.
kid	Mommy is that one.
kid	is it.
cgv	yeah.
kid	Mommy do I got a mole.
cgv	uhhuh don't pick it.
kid	I'm not Mommy I didn't eat anything while you were gone I just ate one thing with chocolate chips.
cgv	oh.
kid	it was good did you know I ate it at Barb's house.
cgv	I figured you did.
cgv	Abe why do you want to go to Whitewater anyway.
kid	because I love it we never been there anyway.
cgv	yeah we have.
kid	then let's go there again.
cgv	we have to save some money so we can go to California that's a long camping trip.
kid	which one is a long camping trip.
cgv	the one to California.
kid	Daddy why do you got so many pimples.
cgv	because Mommy cooks such greasy food.
cgv	you liar.
kid	Daddy don't you broke my leg.
cgv	I did not.
kid	Mommy can you open these because I want to put the hot dots on my bike.
cgv	okay.
kid	they're cool hot dots Mommy how do you put em on bikes.
cgv	you stick em on.
kid	oh I know how now Mommy I'll do the rest Mommy anyway where's my bike.
cgv	I don't know Abe.
kid	Mommy there's a hot dot on my cape Mom look Mommy look.
cgv	I see it.
kid	that's good (be)cause now I can see where I'm going Mommy I put one of those hot dots on our car I put one on our car.
cgv	oh that's smart.
kid	I think I'll put one on our on my wagon when I find my bike then I will have put a hot dot on it.
cgv	yeah.
kid	Mommy can we buy a bike.
cgv	huh.
kid	can we buy a new bike.
cgv	why.
kid	(be)cause I don't know where my first one is.
cgv	it better be in the back yard.
kid	it's not I don't know where it is.
cgv	you better find it we can't buy you a new bike.
kid	why.
cgv	(be)cause they're too expensive.
kid	I knew you were gon (t)a say that +"/..
kid	+" they're too spensive expensive].
cgv	did you want to eat now.
kid	no I'm not hungry Mommy look at my wagon.
cgv	do you want to eat.
kid	no I'm just thirsty.
cgv	eat something Abe.
kid	I'll eat the tuna if you let me close my hands or I'll trick you I'll eat the tuna if you let me close my hands or else I'll trick you okay I'll trick you I'll trick you with a really good trick Mommy I'm gon (t)a trick you I'm gon (t)a trick you Momma Mommy how old is Alec now.
cgv	four.
kid	me too Dad you could play a game with Alec.
cgv	I might.
kid	Mommy now can I go climb the pole at play+center.
cgv	after I do dishes.
