participant	content
cgv	are you getting a game ready for me to play.
kid	no a game ready for me to play.
cgv	oh.
kid	your game don't you want a zoo game for me to play.
cgv	huh.
kid	don't you want a zoo game for me to play.
cgv	a new game.
kid	a zoo game.
cgv	well I have a sentence game.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a play a animal game.
cgv	okay.
kid	hey do I got any animals in here.
cgv	I think so.
kid	I got a hippopotamus these could be the wild horses.
cgv	oh is that a stockade.
kid	no this is the part the animals go in that's the cage.
cgv	oh.
kid	hey (ex)cept where is some more animals.
kid	some more animals for this game.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	the hippopotamus need to go here.
cgv	do you want to get dressed.
kid	no I think I won't get dressed now.
cgv	okay how come Mom cut your hair.
kid	because she because when you comb it you don't comb it good.
cgv	what.
kid	you don't comb it good.
cgv	is that the reason or is it because it got tangled all the time.
kid	I was all tangled.
cgv	yeah.
kid	hey I don't know where any more of my animals are.
cgv	you don't.
kid	no Chris gots@n animals with his Indians and cowboys.
cgv	where are all your animals.
cgv	upstairs.
kid	hey the barn is upstairs I'm getting the barn if it's upstairs.
cgv	what.
kid	I found the barn don't say +"/..
kid	+" what.
cgv	okay.
kid	who pushed that guy out of that room.
cgv	what guy.
kid	the guy that was in the commercial.
cgv	oh I don't know that was a commercial for a detective show who do you think pushed him.
kid	I didn't see.
cgv	do you think it was one of his enemies.
kid	yeah.
cgv	would a friend push ya out of a room.
kid	no not a friend of his.
cgv	how come a friend wouldn't.
kid	because pretend this is the zoo keeper.
cgv	okay.
kid	hey did you get me this from school today.
cgv	no that must have come with one of your animal packages.
kid	oh we don't need this one hey do they got cats at the zoo.
cgv	do they have what.
kid	do they got cats at the zoo.
cgv	yeah.
kid	how (a)bout this.
kid	can we use this one.
cgv	we can I've never seen one of those in a zoo though how come I've never seen one of those in a zoo.
kid	(be)cause they're not animals they're dinosaurs.
cgv	how come they don't have dinosaurs in the zoo Abe.
kid	because they're big.
cgv	oh.
kid	because they're bigger than the cages.
cgv	are there any dinosaurs that are alive.
kid	no.
cgv	do think that might have something to do with it.
kid	not any dinosaurs are alive (ex)cept know what.
cgv	what.
kid	I'll tell you what soon I'll tell you what first I'm gon (t)a fix the cages this is gon (t)a be a big cage.
cgv	it sure is.
kid	we don't need the hippopotamus.
cgv	we don't.
kid	no I want the cage this big.
cgv	Abe what are you doing.
kid	I'm still making zoo.
cgv	it's getting pretty big.
kid	yep you could get the animals while I finish building this.
cgv	okay I'll get some of em.
kid	Daddy do I got any more blocks like this.
cgv	do you have what.
kid	do I have any more blocks like this.
cgv	I think so here here's one.
kid	yeah now I need this kind of block not this kind this kind I'm so fast.
cgv	so what.
kid	I'm so fast.
cgv	fast.
kid	yeah.
cgv	why did you take those out.
kid	I was just measuring.
cgv	you were using those for measuring sticks.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that was a good idea.
kid	know how come I made it so big.
kid	(be)cause lots of animals are gon (t)a be here.
cgv	oh.
kid	when you say the thing I should to I'll move the animals okay.
cgv	oh do you want to play that kind of game.
kid	yeah I need some more animals they have barns in zoos how (a)bout this.
cgv	okay.
kid	he might fight the other animals we better not put this animal in our zoo here's a elephant is this a deer.
cgv	that's a horse.
kid	where's a other deer.
kid	is this a deer.
cgv	yep.
kid	this goes here oh too much animals are in here I'm gon (t)a take this flying dinosaur out.
cgv	good idea.
kid	I think we better not use this.
cgv	how come.
kid	because then it will get the other the other animals.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy this is the gate I need to go poo+poo.
cgv	what.
kid	I need to go poo+poo I'll put one more there okay.
kid	then I'll go poop maybe we do need one like that maybe we do I got one mommy and two daddy bears.
cgv	you do.
kid	yeah.
cgv	are you done.
kid	yeah hey where's the other buffalo.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	can you look for it.
cgv	yeah here it is.
kid	this is the grandfather elephant how how did this fall down.
cgv	he just lost his balance how come they always have two animals in a zoo instead of just one.
kid	because one need to be a mommy and the other one needs to be a daddy this is the baby and this is the mother.
cgv	and that's the dad.
kid	yeah I think we could use a lion hey.
kid	a kangaroo and a giraffe these could be in our zoo.
cgv	yeah.
kid	nice ones need to be with the nice ones hey.
kid	how did you find the mommy one.
cgv	I just happened to see it what are you doing.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" nice ones need to go with nice ones.
kid	so I'm making the nice ones go with nice ones.
cgv	oh who's a mean one.
kid	none of em are now lions are mean ones but they could go with these.
cgv	oh did you find the lion.
kid	not yet.
cgv	I'll help you look.
kid	that could be mean the lion could go with the others hey.
kid	where can this one go.
kid	hey.
kid	that's the part where the animals get out from nighttime.
cgv	you let the animals out of the zoo at night.
kid	yeah so they can get exercise who was on the phone.
cgv	Mommy.
kid	Mommy called again.
cgv	yeah she keeps calling is the zoo done.
kid	the zoo almost is done (ex)cept know what.
kid	we don't need that come here you're gon (t)a be the teller@c.
cgv	I'm gon (t)a be the what.
kid	you're gon (t)a be the teller@c you know the guy that tells you what to do.
cgv	oh you mean I'll say something and you'll make the animals do it.
kid	yeah (ex)cept what else can I bring in the zoo.
cgv	whatever you want.
kid	hey.
kid	I need an alligator.
cgv	do you have one.
kid	you need to help me look for one I'm not sure I can find one.
cgv	I'll help you look.
kid	do it now.
cgv	okay.
kid	(ex)cept don't knock over the cage and the and the animals.
cgv	I won't.
