participant	content
cgv	and you're one of em do you want milk.
kid	uhhuh I like milk do you see this tiger.
kid	it's Tony I like Tony the tiger he's my good buddy I haven't seen him in a long time.
cgv	who.
cgv	Tony.
kid	yeah.
cgv	uhhuh what Abe.
kid	I remembered her two children right Mom.
kid	right.
cgv	uhhuh what are their names.
kid	John_John and Jeffrey.
cgv	uhhuh Jeffrey's five years old now.
kid	and I'm four right.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	you better tell him I'm four you better tell him I'm four okay.
kid	guess who I am Rufus doesn't know who I am she thinks that I'm a robber she doesn't know who I am so she thinks that I'm a robber.
cgv	why does she think that.
kid	(be)cause robbers don't like dogs Mommy what do you think that I was singing.
kid	what do you think I was singing.
kid	what do you think I was singing.
kid	what do you think I was singing.
kid	what do you think I was singing.
kid	what do you think I was singing.
kid	what do you think I was singing.
cgv	I didn't understand it.
kid	listen [=! howls] did you hear that.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	what do you think it was.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	it was a wolf I've been howling like a wolf listen [=! howls] isn't that like a wolf.
cgv	it certainly is.
kid	Mom I need to go look for arrows Mom I need to go look for arrows.
cgv	what Abe.
kid	I need to go look for arrows.
cgv	where.
kid	in the front yard.
cgv	okay don't go far.
kid	Mommy I made a@l b@l.
cgv	you did.
kid	yeah now I'm going to make e@l my my my Mommy my name is stuck.
kid	yeah how can you get it out.
kid	hey.
kid	it's getting out see.
kid	now can I make another name.
kid	okay I'll hold it and do it myself okay.
cgv	okay why don't I hold it and you find the letters.
kid	okay I'll find the letters and you make it.
cgv	is that what you want.
kid	uhhuh can I keep this Dad.
cgv	what.
kid	can I have this.
cgv	yeah.
kid	no I mean have this thing.
cgv	the bow.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay.
kid	okay I'll put my name on it it's a spear can I have it.
cgv	yeah.
kid	Rufus wants to have a little fudge.
kid	yeah and she liked it.
kid	why not.
kid	why.
kid	will it get me worms too.
kid	is there worms in it.
kid	in the candy.
cgv	what did you think of that cartoon Abe.
kid	pretty good can you get Rufus to me again.
kid	can you hand her to me again.
kid	Rufus come here Rufus come here Rufus I wan(t) (t)a hug you I wan(t) (t)a hug you I wan(t) (t)a hug you did you see another cartoon.
kid	Grandpa is another cartoon on.
kid	Grandpa is another cartoon on.
kid	Grandpa is another cartoon on.
cgv	not now.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a watch one when it comes on okay.
kid	I'll wait until one comes on.
cgv	okay it'll be about thirty minutes.
kid	I made the dots out of paint and I drawed the lines from the pencil.
cgv	do you want to do some more.
kid	yeah first I have to do my snowman this is this is gon (t)a be a different one Momma this is gon (t)a be a different one Momma.
cgv	okay.
kid	Grandma see how I covered the dots by the pencil.
kid	see the dots are made out of the paint and I draw the lines from the pencil isn't that good.
kid	do you know what this is going to be.
kid	do you know what that is.
kid	that's a machine.
cgv	a machine.
kid	yeah this is going to be kind of a animal.
cgv	what kind.
kid	a reindeer it's not going to be like a reindeer it's going to look like a reindeer Mom do we have to go now.
cgv	no.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a.
cgv	we're not.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a stay here and paint some more do you wan(t) (t)a look at my other paint Grandpa.
kid	see I'm painting another one now.
cgv	what are you doing Abe.
kid	painting there's a lot of these this kind Momma save that thing I'm drawing now I'm making dots I'm doing a little bit of artist work after this one I'm gon (t)a be finished Mommy.
kid	part of the paper got ripped too bad Mommy part of my work got ripped see.
kid	can we tape it.
cgv	sure.
kid	hey you ripped another part of it you ripped another part of it right here.
cgv	I'm sorry we can tape it.
kid	that's okay we don't need it anyway never mind we just have to tape em from the red parts to the red parts Momma.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I think all the parts are dry I think some parts are dry can you tape part of my picture.
cgv	I will when it dries.
kid	can you tape part of it now.
kid	Momma you're not taping it.
cgv	just a second.
kid	do you like messed up pictures.
cgv	Abe I told you I would help you repair it in just a minute okay.
kid	I can't wait Mommy do you wan(t) (t)a see something.
cgv	what Abe.
kid	someone's picture gotted@n ripped someone's picture gotted@n ripped someone's picture gotted@n ripped.
cgv	just a second and I'll help you.
kid	too bad it was my picture.
