participant	content
cgv	isn't it on your boo(k)shelf.
kid	I don't see it Mommy how do babies learn to talk.
cgv	ask your Dad that's his area.
kid	okay Dad how do babies learn to talk.
cgv	I'm not sure Abe how do you think they learn.
kid	I think they they hear their mother and father talk to em and they listen and that's how how they learn how to talk.
cgv	I think you're right Abe do babies try to learn how to talk or do they just learn without trying.
kid	they try to learn they try really hardest right.
cgv	right I think you're right again does somebody teach babies how to talk or do they just learn how to talk.
kid	they just learn.
cgv	are you sure.
kid	yeah (be)cause babies don't go to school they're littlest and schools are for biggest people.
cgv	I see.
kid	Daddy can you find me uh can you find a picture of the dinosaur in my book.
cgv	the one we were looking for last night.
kid	yeah.
cgv	go get the book and we'll look for it.
kid	okay okay Daddy I got em now now could I do it.
cgv	try this on.
kid	yeah.
cgv	sure.
kid	is there a other one.
kid	Momma Mommy could I have one of this.
kid	now could I have one of these.
cgv	let me find one that's empty.
kid	okay.
cgv	what are you going to do with it.
kid	play with it Momma.
cgv	huh.
kid	how come you thought this one wasn't finished.
kid	how come you thought this one wasn't finished.
kid	hey is this one finished.
cgv	no that's white thread I don't see any that are totally empty.
kid	Mom this one's totally empty.
cgv	no look at it isn't that white thread.
kid	yeah it is how come we got this one too.
cgv	that's to wind the bobbin.
kid	oh here's one no not totally empty.
cgv	here's one.
kid	yea yea yea I never had one of these before because I like to have one of these.
cgv	you do like it.
kid	yeah Daddy listen to this really good idea.
cgv	what is it Abe.
kid	if we go camping we should make a canoe out of wood then we won't have to pay and we can ride in it whenever we want to.
cgv	how come we wouldn't have to pay.
kid	because it would be our own own own canoe and we could paint it and stuff and we could put it on our car and it won't fall off.
cgv	it won't.
kid	no.
cgv	why not.
kid	(be)cause we will tie it really tight really tight.
cgv	we would.
kid	yeah real tight.
cgv	Abe that is really a good idea we'll have to start looking for wood.
kid	yeah Dad you read lots of parts okay.
cgv	let me look for that one guy what does he look like.
kid	he gots@n points on his back and he eats meat.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	and that's it about him.
cgv	is he large or small.
kid	he's large.
cgv	okay.
kid	not that one it's not the mammal section.
cgv	okay is it this guy.
kid	no he's that one's a bigger.
cgv	which one.
cgv	the one we're looking for or this one.
kid	that one.
cgv	okay.
kid	it's like this guy (ex)cept he has a lot of em in it.
cgv	it looks like this guy.
kid	it is that guy (ex)cept (ex)cept it has a lot of em in it.
cgv	the picture has a lot of em in it.
kid	yep.
cgv	oh maybe it's not in this book.
kid	yep it is we need to show Momma something Momma.
cgv	yes Abe.
kid	come here I'm gon (t)a show you some thing these little bones little bones and this bone and all these bones would you like to go find them.
cgv	yeah that would really be something.
kid	you have to get long poles when you get lots of bones.
cgv	why.
kid	so so they could stand up and not fall down.
cgv	oh that's right.
cgv	Abe.
kid	what.
cgv	what would we do if we got all those bones.
kid	we would have to put em up.
cgv	huh.
kid	we would have to go to a biggest house right.
cgv	that's right.
kid	we would say +"/..
kid	+" we found these bones so can we move to that house.
cgv	well this is the only picture.
kid	hey you keep looking while I look over here you keep looking in that book.
cgv	I think this is the only one.
kid	there's one more of him too.
cgv	where.
kid	in that book.
cgv	I sure can't find it do you think it might be in a different book.
kid	nope it isn't Mom Mom can we look at this in the back.
cgv	in the back what.
kid	in the back in the back yard look in the back this back.
cgv	how come.
kid	(be)cause I wan(t) (t)a find that dinosaur.
cgv	so why don't we sit right here and look.
kid	okay I wan(t) (t)a sit on here Daddy and I couldn't find it.
cgv	what makes you think we can find it.
kid	because it's really in here.
cgv	are you sure it's not in another book.
kid	no look that owl got stuck in a tospit@c [?] he saw a animal and he wanted to eat it and it it died (ex)cept (ex)cept it got on a duck and it got stuck too Momma I wan(t) (t)a show you something would you like to go find bones from this guy too.
cgv	where are his bones.
kid	in Texas.
cgv	no I think they're really far up north.
kid	Momma how come we're looking back.
cgv	backwards.
kid	yeah.
cgv	to see if you missed it back here.
kid	we need to find these little bones and this and these bones and these bones and these bones and these bones.
cgv	what kind of dinosaur do you think they would make.
kid	they would make a mean dinosaur hey what did this rubberband come from.
kid	its so tiny.
cgv	it's from a circular that we got do you think the picture of the dinosaur could have been ripped out.
kid	nope we're going backwards it wasn't a swimming dinosaur it didn't have flippers Mom we're looking backwards.
cgv	I know.
kid	how come we're looking backwards.
cgv	to see if we can find that picture is this it.
kid	no.
cgv	this.
kid	(ex)cept (ex)cept it has a lot of ones in (ex)cept this is the right one (ex)cept (ex)cept it has a lot of ones in it.
cgv	a lot of what ones.
kid	a lot of these ones see it is big it's already hatched out of the egg.
cgv	here it is.
kid	well it has lot of you could see all of em.
cgv	is it a skeleton.
kid	no.
cgv	I've looked through every page and I couldn't find it.
kid	Momma.
cgv	what.
kid	last time I saw it.
cgv	maybe the page got ripped out.
kid	hey how would you like to go find bones from that guy.
cgv	is that him.
kid	no the one you found that one's bones how would you like to go find em from that guy.
cgv	he really looks rough does(n)'t he.
kid	yeah can he win.
kid	can he win.
cgv	sometimes he does is this it.
kid	no (ex)cept it's bigger that one was bigger.
cgv	I think it might have been in a different book.
kid	I don't think so.
cgv	Abe.
kid	yeah.
cgv	rem(em)ber when we went camping with Lou and Elliot.
kid	and Carrima too.
cgv	yeah what would have happened if we would have seen a bear.
kid	we could have been killed.
cgv	yeah but what else could have happened.
kid	we would have to run we would run and run and run and run and the bear would get tired and we would get in our car and drive away and the bear would have to eat berries (in)stead of us.
cgv	is that what would have happened.
kid	yeah (be)cause we are really fast runners.
cgv	what if the bear would have been a really fast runner too.
kid	then we would have to run really fast I'm so so glad that we didn't see a bear (be)cause then he would have scared us right.
cgv	right.
cgv	I have to go out and hang up clothes.
kid	Mom.
cgv	huh.
kid	are we going to look for dinosaurs at the museum.
cgv	yeah I have to hang out clothes first.
kid	can we take this too.
cgv	to the museum.
kid	yeah.
cgv	or for you to look at in the car.
kid	for me to look at in the car.
cgv	okay.
kid	can I go with you.
cgv	to hang out clothes.
kid	yeah.
cgv	do you want to go now or do you want me to wait until you're through with this.
kid	I want you to wait to when I'm through with this.
cgv	okay.
kid	Dad.
cgv	just a second.
kid	these are all mine (ex)cept I have to go get the rest.
cgv	where were they.
kid	they're outside I'm gon (t)a go get the the rest now.
