participant	content
cgv	they sure are what are they.
kid	that's a witch and that's a ghost and that's a ghost and that's a ghost.
cgv	uhhuh what else do you see.
kid	a goblin goblins will scare you.
cgv	they will.
kid	uhhuh and witches scare you and ghosts scare you these all scare you I hope.
cgv	you hope that they'll all scare me.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	why.
kid	huh.
cgv	why do you hope that witches and ghosts and goblins will scare me.
cgv	I'm a good boy.
kid	you are a daddy you are not a boy you are a daddy and and these will scare you.
cgv	they sure would if I ever saw any are they going to scare you too.
kid	yeah I am a daddy too so them scare me too.
cgv	would Mommy be scared if she saw a ghost.
kid	yeah mommies mommies uh be scared like daddies.
cgv	both mommies and daddies are scared of ghosts and witches and goblins.
kid	uhhuh we all be scared on Halloween we all be scared.
cgv	why.
kid	(be)cause (be)cause the ghosts will chase us.
cgv	they will.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	what will they do if they catch us.
kid	uh uh I don't know.
cgv	we better run fast if we see any ghosts huh.
kid	yeah we run very fast then a ghost can't chase us.
cgv	oh well we'll all go trick+or+treating together so no ghosts or goblins will bother us okay.
kid	why you said +"/..
kid	+" we go trick treating.
cgv	I just thought that we'd all go trick+or+treating together on Halloween.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a go I don't wan(t) (t)a go trick+or+treating.
cgv	you don't.
kid	hunhunh I wan(t) (t)a get candy I wan(t) (t)a get candy on Halloween Daddy.
cgv	oh well Abe trick+or+treating is the name for getting candy on Halloween when you knock on people's doors they open the door and you say trick+or+treat and then they give you candy see.
cgv	trick+or+treat is just a name for getting candy.
kid	why's trick treat a name for candy.
kid	why's trick and treat a name for candy.
cgv	well it's just a name Abe's a name Stan's a name Ann's a name some things are just names that's all.
kid	why.
kid	why some things are just names.
cgv	why do you think Abe is a name.
kid	I'm Abe.
cgv	why do you think that somethings are names and other things aren't names.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	I don't either do we have enough popcorn to make when Mommy comes home.
kid	I hope so I wan(t) (t)a eat popcorn when Mommy comes okay.
cgv	let me see if we have enough oh yeah we have plenty of popcorn.
kid	we make some now.
cgv	no we'll wait until Mommy comes home okay.
kid	okay I want my Mommy get me something when she comes home Daddy I want Mommy get me something when she comes home okay.
cgv	we'll have to wait and see Abe I don't know if she's going to bring you anything or not would you like to paint a picture.
kid	no.
cgv	no.
cgv	how about playing with your garage.
kid	uhhuh I wan(t) (t)a play with my animals also I wan(t) (t)a play with my animals also.
cgv	okay go ahead.
kid	you get them for me you get them for me please.
cgv	oh okay I will where are they.
kid	they are up there.
cgv	okay.
kid	it's a far way up there.
cgv	it sure is.
kid	you fall down from there you will get hurt you fall down from there you will get hurt.
cgv	uhhuh I won't fall down so you don't have to worry here are your animals.
kid	thank you this is a camel this is a giraffe this is a polar bear this is a lion this is a tree this is a buffalo this is a zebra this is a daddy this is another tree this is a little boy this is a tiger hey.
kid	why this tiger fall down.
kid	Daddy why this tiger fall down.
cgv	let me see I think that he's just a little bit wobbly why don't you have him lie down and sleep.
kid	he will not fall down when he wakes up I hope.
cgv	well maybe after he wakes up he won't be quite as wobbly he probably needs a pretty long nap though.
kid	this is a mommy this is another tree this is a seal that's all they are all standing up see.
kid	see Daddy.
kid	see.
cgv	uhhuh they sure are.
kid	I knock them all down one two three four five six seven five ten five they are all laying down they all taking a nap.
cgv	uhhuh why don't you wake them all up now.
kid	no I wan(t) (t)a play a game.
cgv	you do.
kid	uhhuh I wan(t) (t)a play a game with with you.
cgv	what kind of game.
kid	I go hide and you get me a surprise.
cgv	I don't have that kind of game ready what other kind of game would you like to play.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a surprise I wan(t) (t)a surprise.
cgv	why don't we play a acrobatic game.
cgv	you can do somersault and stuff okay.
kid	I played on the monkey bars today.
cgv	you did.
kid	uhhuh I swinged@n and swinged@n and jumped.
cgv	wow.
cgv	did you go very high.
kid	uhhuh I went high high high highest.
cgv	and you jumped from that high up.
kid	uhhuh when when I can't climb down I jump.
cgv	oh do you ever climb down.
kid	no I jump I climb highest and jump and and I climb highest again and I jump again.
cgv	oh do you ever fall.
kid	yeah once I swinged@n and didn't watch.
cgv	you didn't watch what you were doing and you fell down.
kid	yeah.
cgv	did you hurt yourself.
kid	uhhuh I hurt my mouth when I falled@n on the ground I gotted@n dirt in my mouth and I spitted.
cgv	you spit to get the dirt out.
kid	uhhuh dirt is not edible.
cgv	that's right after you spit were you okay.
kid	yeah I watch now so I don't fall again.
cgv	that's good idea you should watch when you go to your tumbling class too if you watch what you're doing then you probably won't get hurt is it good.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	I'm glad that you like it.
kid	I want some more I want some more Daddy.
cgv	well I don't think that you need any more if you eat any more your tummy will probably pop.
kid	I want some more please I want some more please Dad please.
cgv	why don't we play with the chess set instead.
cgv	wouldn't you like that.
kid	uhhuh I wan(t) (t)a play with our chess what color chess we got.
kid	huh.
kid	what color chess we got.
cgv	one set of men are white and another set is black.
kid	one's brown and one's black.
cgv	no that was Elliot's set our set is black and white here I'll get it and show you.
kid	one's brown and one's black I think.
cgv	okay here you go what colors are they.
kid	it's black and white you were right I wan(t) (t)a play with them.
cgv	okay you set up the men and then I'll play a game with you okay.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a play by myself first after I play by myself you can play okay.
cgv	okay go ahead and call me when you're ready for me to play are you still playing by yourself.
kid	yeah.
cgv	are you almost done.
kid	yeah I wan(t) (t)a watch tv now.
cgv	can't I play chess with you now.
kid	you play with yourself and I will watch tv, okay.
cgv	let me see what's on nothing good (i)s on right now do you want to make a poster.
kid	uhhuh you help me okay.
cgv	sure what do you want to make.
kid	a goblin.
cgv	do you know how to make a goblin.
kid	huh.
cgv	how do you make a goblin.
kid	I don't know you help me okay.
cgv	okay what do we need to make first.
kid	a head.
cgv	okay how's this.
kid	pretty fine.
cgv	now what do we need.
kid	a mouth.
cgv	what else.
kid	eyes two eyes.
cgv	what else.
kid	arms and legs goblins got arms and legs.
cgv	what color should his hair be.
kid	white can you make it white.
cgv	sure I can make it whenever color you like there it's all done how does he look.
kid	he needs arms and legs.
cgv	he needs arms and legs okay, I'll get him some how's this.
kid	pretty fine.
cgv	what should we do with it.
kid	put it on the door.
cgv	on the door with your other pictures.
kid	no on this door on this door, okay.
cgv	on the inside of the door.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay, let me get some tape there how does it look.
kid	pretty fine.
cgv	I'm glad that you like it come here.
kid	huh.
cgv	come here so I can tickle you I got you now I'm gon (t)a get you.
kid	no no no stop I stopped you.
cgv	you did.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	what did you stop me from.
kid	I stopped you from uh I don't know.
cgv	from tickling you.
kid	yeah from tickling me.
cgv	you think that you stopped me, huh.
cgv	I'm gon (t)a tickle you again.
kid	no no I run and you can't tickle me.
cgv	you're a stink+pot and I'm gon (t)a get you.
kid	no I'm not a stink+pot.
cgv	yes you did.
kid	I don't feel like a stink+pot.
cgv	you don't.
kid	uhuh.
cgv	I guess that you're not one then I can tickle you.
kid	you can.
cgv	no don't tickle me please don't oh help Abe's tickling me help help now I got you should I tickle you now.
kid	n(o) please no no.
cgv	okay I won't but you can't tickle me any more okay.
cgv	do you want to look at the mask I'm making.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	see it's a lion I have ta put some ears on it.
kid	why you have ta put ears on it.
cgv	because that's what the instructions say.
kid	instructions don't say anything.
cgv	that's right but they do uh they do help me know what to do and they this time help me to know to put ears on a lion mask.
kid	you have it upside down.
cgv	I know now it's right_side+up do you like it.
kid	uhhuh that is for you and we make a raccoon mask for me and Mommy make a cow mask for her.
cgv	is Mommy going to get a raccoon mask.
kid	no her will get a cow mask for her.
cgv	a cow mask.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	does Mommy look like a cow.
kid	no mommies don't look like cows they have to get a mask.
cgv	Mommy needs a mask to look like a cow.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	let's put the chess set up now will you help me.
kid	yeah which chess goes in here and in there.
cgv	the white ones go in here and the black ones go in here.
kid	where this one goes.
cgv	it goes right in here.
kid	why it can't go in here.
cgv	it's too big.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a watch tv I wan(t) (t)a watch tv, okay.
cgv	okay I think that we can watch some tv now do you want to turn it on.
kid	I turn it on I will turn it on.
cgv	why don't you go wash your hands now.
cgv	they sure are dirty.
kid	when this show's over I will wash my hands.
cgv	the show's not even on yet why don't you go ahead and go now.
kid	I will go to wash them after tv show.
cgv	go ahead and go now come on I'll help you come on let's wash your hands there that wasn't too bad was it.
cgv	now we can watch the show.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a eat some popcorn I wan(t) (t)a eat some popcorn.
cgv	let's wait until Mommy gets home okay.
cgv	do you want a piece of candy right now.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay okay here it is.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	let's put the chess set up now will you help me.
kid	yeah which chess goes in here and in there.
cgv	the white ones go in here and the black ones go in here.
kid	where this one goes.
cgv	it goes right in here.
kid	why it can't go in here.
cgv	it's too big.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a watch tv I wan(t) (t)a watch tv, okay.
cgv	okay I think that we can watch some tv now do you want to turn it on.
kid	I turn it on I will turn it on.
cgv	why don't you go wash your hands now.
cgv	they sure are dirty.
kid	when this show's over I will wash my hands.
cgv	the show's not even on yet why don't you go ahead and go now.
kid	I will go to wash them after tv show.
cgv	go ahead and go now come on I'll help you come on let's wash your hands there that wasn't too bad was it.
cgv	now we can watch the show.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a eat some popcorn I wan(t) (t)a eat some popcorn.
cgv	let's wait until Mommy gets home okay.
cgv	do you want a piece of candy right now.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay okay here it is.
kid	thank you this candy keeps getting little and little see.
cgv	uhhuh the longer that you suck on it the smaller it gets guess who I hear.
kid	what.
kid	what you said.
cgv	hi.
cgv	hi Mom how was your cheese cutting.
kid	hi Mom I ate ice cream and candy already see my candy.
cgv	I sure do Daddy sure does feed you a lot of junk look what I got.
kid	what.
kid	what you got.
cgv	some blueberry yogurt would you like a little bit.
kid	uhhuh I wan(t) (t)a hold it I wan(t) (t)a hold it okay.
cgv	okay I'll get a little bowl for you.
kid	how you get the top off.
kid	how you get the top off Mom.
kid	I know how to get the top off Mom see I got the top off.
cgv	good now I can put some yogurt in this dish for you.
cgv	did you tell Mom what we did Abe.
kid	what we did Daddy.
kid	what we did.
cgv	what did you do Abe.
kid	I'm asking Daddy.
cgv	oh what did you do Dad.
cgv	I thought that Abe could tell you why don't you +....
