participant	content
cgv	did you have any dreams last night.
kid	yeah I dreamed about nothing I dreamed about me with a flea and a flea was with me.
cgv	I wonder if horses have fleas.
kid	they do I saw one and it gotted@n a flea on me.
cgv	where was the horse.
kid	the horse was on me and the flea was on me.
cgv	where were you.
kid	I was in me.
cgv	where are you going.
kid	I'm going to brush my teeth don't you see.
cgv	hurry up then.
kid	I'll hurry.
cgv	take these clothes up with you.
kid	I didn't want to really.
cgv	go ahead.
kid	well I didn't want to hey Daddy where did you put that little box.
cgv	what little box.
kid	this guy's little box.
cgv	look around.
kid	oh here it is Mommy can I put this this back+pack on my guy.
cgv	yeah Abe he's your guy don't break it.
kid	I won't why didn't you put that upstairs.
cgv	I thought you were going to put it in your piggy+bank last night.
kid	I forgot to I'll remember tonight when we go to bed Mommy why don't we call Rob and Rich and Mike.
cgv	what are you going to tell em.
kid	that I got two guys you know one that's a cowboy who has lots of clothes and one a guy that you couldn't dress.
cgv	why don't you write em a letter and tell em that.
kid	okay can you help me.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I'll write Abe and you write to Rob and Rich and Mike from Abe okay.
kid	I'll write Abe that's my name no leopard.
cgv	you're going to put leopard.
kid	uhhuh do you think they'll know who wrote the letter then.
kid	I know Abe leopard that's what we'll put yeah that would be better or leopard Abe I'll do it that way one of them has kungfu grip and one of them doesn't right Momma.
kid	uhhuh that's the truth Mommy why do I keep shaking my head.
kid	tell me well I don't like the smell of those eggs I'm going to throw em away oh I forgot that Daddy look it's a snowy picture.
cgv	yeah.
kid	see Daddy.
cgv	wow soap.
kid	crumples@c of soap crumples@c.
cgv	that's really neatie cool buddy boy.
kid	oh I forgot to put this upstairs.
cgv	you can leave it there.
kid	we'll leave it here when we eat lunch and when we eat dinner okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	I don't want to miss Joey's birthday party.
cgv	what would you like to get him for a gift.
kid	I'm going to make him something.
cgv	I know but he'd probably like something from the store too.
kid	I'm gon (t)a what does this say.
kid	hey maybe we could go over to Joey's Mommy can you go get a piece of paper.
cgv	why.
kid	I'm gon (t)a write Abe you'll write leopard and I'll write Abe okay.
kid	leopard Abe because Abe's my last name.
cgv	I thought Duncan was your last name.
kid	huh.
cgv	I thought Duncan was your last name.
kid	no now I said leopard now I mean leopard Abe okay Mommy which one do you like.
cgv	this one.
kid	okay you write leopard.
cgv	okay I'll write it on here and you can copy it.
kid	then you put it next to me then do it all little so it all could fit on okay.
kid	l@l e@l o@l a@l r@l d@l okay.
kid	I thought it that way I thought that's how you spelled leopard a l@l l@l p@l.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	okay now what.
kid	leopard Abe.
cgv	how come that's your new name.
kid	well Daddy see see Dad does that spell leopard.
cgv	leopard's spelled l@l e@l o@l p@l a@l r@l d@l.
kid	oh maybe we could do it on the back.
cgv	no that's okay why did you change your name.
kid	because I didn't like Abe Duncan I liked leopard Abe hey maybe it could be leopard Abe Duncan all those three names hey Mommy you write Duncan down then I'll write it down w@l a@l l@l t@l e@l r@l.
cgv	did you tell Daddy what we were building in the snow yesterday.
kid	a dinosaur.
cgv	oh was it as big as our apartment.
kid	no we couldn't build it high as me we could have but we didn't.
cgv	what would have happened if you would have built one as big as this house.
kid	that will be big then everybody will say +"/..
kid	+" there's a dinosaur alive.
cgv	would they think it's alive.
kid	yeah.
cgv	where'd Mom go.
kid	she has to go to the dentist now it says Abe Duncan now can you write Rob and Rich and Mike on here.
cgv	here.
kid	yeah on here Rob and Rich and Mike Rob and Rich and Mike Rob and Rich and Mike Rob and Rich and Mike.
cgv	there you go.
kid	now you write from Abe to Rob and Rich and Mike I already writed Abe can you put it close to me.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	l@l.
cgv	that's an i@l.
kid	i@l k@l now what else.
kid	oh yeah now is this mike or rob.
cgv	rob.
kid	rob r@l o@l b@l hey Daddy maybe we could do it on the other side that's too hard leopard Abe Mommy does that look very good.
kid	Mommy that looks crumpled.
cgv	no it looks pretty good.
kid	well do you think that they would know that it says their name.
cgv	yeah.
kid	well we'll have to say that it's from Abe and Ann Mommy I'll do it on the other side okay.
kid	leopard Abe.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mommy how do you like that l@l I just made.
cgv	is that a l@l.
kid	yeah I could wash that part maybe this could be a period yeah that's a period two periods.
cgv	what's that.
kid	that's a fish it's for our family we could hang it on the wall or something Daddy could you write leopard Abe Duncan.
cgv	where.
kid	right on this paper I writed that you write the rest.
cgv	okay.
kid	did you spell Mike and Rob and Rick.
cgv	yeah.
kid	okay.
cgv	what did you do at Shannon's last night.
kid	I played.
cgv	what did you play.
kid	you know her round toy box.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	well I gotted@n in it and it didn't even crack my head open.
cgv	was it hard to get into.
kid	no I shutted the door I shutted the door no hey Daddy look b@l b@l d@l I'll play with my man while you write them that this is from me.
cgv	okay.
kid	I'll play while you do that.
