participant	content
kid	yeah (ex)cept is it boiling.
kid	I think it is boiling Joey played with me today Joey played with me today.
cgv	I know.
kid	Mom could I have a lick.
kid	not very much a tiny bite.
cgv	we're going to have a lot when we go to the circus.
kid	look at that plant that's growing so big Mom look at that plant that's growing so big.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mom I want some milk to drink.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mom if you eat cans you would die right.
cgv	cans.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	I think they'd crack your teeth.
kid	I want some milk Mom Mom those are rolling around Mommy just put a little bit in there.
cgv	I am.
kid	those cereal things are really sticky they stick to the paper they stick on the bottom oh oh Mom this looks good Mom do I have to keep stirring.
cgv	do you want to.
kid	yeah I do Mom when we get every thing ready then we're going to be ready for the circus.
kid	then we can go to the circus.
cgv	are you ready.
cgv	not quite.
kid	we're fixing everything.
kid	remember that old back+pack that Daddy got.
kid	that's the one I really like no I don't like it very much I just like the new one.
cgv	why don't you like the old one.
kid	I like the new one because because I like it I like mine too I like back+packs I like everything I like everything Mom could I have some.
cgv	you might burn your fingers it's really hot.
kid	are you ready Mom this is how some people run they run like this run run Daddy this is how some people run.
cgv	how.
kid	they get like this and they run.
cgv	oh.
kid	could I see the tickets.
cgv	uhhuh.
cgv	how old is Julie.
kid	I know how old she is.
cgv	how old.
kid	I know how old is Julie she's just two years old.
cgv	two.
kid	uhhuh who's ever strongest of all is the fastest runner of all.
cgv	really.
kid	uhhuh wan(t) (t)a see how fast I could run Mom.
cgv	yeah.
kid	okay watch how fast I could run this time I could run faster than that.
cgv	okay.
kid	is that pretty fast.
cgv	yeah that's pretty fast.
kid	Mom watch how fast I could run.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mom come in here.
cgv	I'm doing this right now.
kid	what are you doing.
cgv	I'm putting this in the back+pack.
kid	how long is Daddy gon (t)a be ready to go.
cgv	ask him.
kid	Dad when are you going to be ready.
cgv	I'm ready now.
kid	he's ready now Mom.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mommy I like back+packs real much I like snakes much.
cgv	snakes.
kid	yeah not mean snakes nice snakes I like to catch nice snakes.
cgv	when did you touch a nice snake.
kid	never we need to go to Africa to catch a nice snake I never saw one we need to go camping and see one I'll show you how quiet we need to be if we want to see a snake this is how quiet this is how quiet.
cgv	that sure is quiet.
kid	Mommy I bet Joey would not be first I bet I bet Joey I bet we would be a winner than Joey I think we're gon (t)a be a winner from Joey.
cgv	what Abe.
kid	we're gon (t)a be a winner from Joey I think I think Joey's gon (t)a come too.
cgv	we're going to win.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what are we going to do.
kid	we're going to win the car with our car.
cgv	we'll get there first huh.
kid	yeah and Joey will get there first than Jason Jason is a slow+poke I think.
cgv	what else do you want Abe.
kid	I really don't care I want a peanut butter apple.
cgv	how about a nectarine.
kid	a <cut up> [*] peanut butter apple.
cgv	a plum.
kid	a <cut up> [*] peanut butter apple I like plums when people are eating plums.
cgv	you mean you just like a bite.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	okay I'm ready.
kid	(e)specially when I say please ["] then they say +"/..
kid	+" yeah you can have a bite.
kid	and I take it away and I eat it all up.
cgv	wow.
cgv	hey don't take those off.
kid	well they could come off easily Mom.
kid	look at my penis Mom.
kid	look at my penis.
kid	Mom can we can we look at it now.
kid	can we look at it now.
cgv	sure.
kid	Momma this one is sort of a funny book.
cgv	why.
kid	see this part.
kid	it's funny these I liked all those ones which ones were dangerous.
cgv	do you think this one was.
kid	yeah he might get hurt I just thinked@n of something you need to train the tigers you have to make em be still.
cgv	do you think it takes a long time to train the chimpanzees.
kid	no they aren't mean.
cgv	they're still hard to train what's that look like.
kid	a fair.
cgv	yeah that's a picture of the circus.
kid	Mom how come these guys are digging.
kid	how come they're digging.
cgv	what do they look like.
kid	they look like I don't know what they look like.
cgv	they're building the circus.
kid	how come they got shovels.
cgv	they're breaking the ground for the tent.
kid	oh I don't (re)member those people.
cgv	remember the guys laid a net out first.
kid	yeah then they landed in the net.
cgv	yeah.
kid	what's this.
cgv	ropes to support the trapeze.
kid	they climb up those too.
cgv	that's right to get to the trapeze what happened when we were looking up.
kid	that light shined in our eyes.
cgv	right.
kid	it takes a lot of practice to balance these.
cgv	it sure does.
kid	that's a clown.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	(ex)cept is that a people.
cgv	uhhuh clowns are people.
kid	(ex)cept is that little clown a kid clown.
cgv	some of em are kids and some of em are midgets midgets are short people.
kid	was the little clown um um was the little clown hurt when he landed from the parachute.
cgv	no he got up and walked away.
kid	hey we didn't see a cannon we didn't see this part either.
cgv	maybe she was sick.
kid	well how come they got fires.
cgv	to make the show look really dangerous.
kid	why are they gon (t)a fight.
cgv	they're not.
kid	what are they going to do with the fires.
cgv	juggle em.
kid	we didn't see the fire part they like to juggle fires right.
cgv	right.
kid	we didn't see the other fire part.
cgv	what part.
kid	the part where he had a girl holding fire.
cgv	for the lions to jump through.
kid	no.
cgv	I bet she got sick.
kid	I bet she was on the other show.
cgv	maybe.
kid	that's that's a male lion I didn't see that part.
cgv	I saw that oh we saw him lift up another lion.
kid	yeah.
cgv	they have some wrong pictures in here.
kid	not lots of wrong pictures.
cgv	yeah most of em are right.
kid	I wouldn't be that.
cgv	you wouldn't be a elephant tamer.
kid	I would be a elephant tamer (ex)cept I wouldn't stand on the elephants leg.
cgv	why not.
kid	because because what if the elephant just did it for a little while.
cgv	and then dropped you.
kid	yeah.
cgv	then you probably wouldn't give him a snack.
kid	know what I would be.
kid	I would climb up the fence and throw the rope down and the lion would hurt would be hurt would the lion be hurt if I throwed the rope down.
cgv	he might be there's a lot of things we can do tomorrow Abe.
kid	what are they.
cgv	play the games in this book would you like to put the poster in your room.
kid	no.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I like it inside the book.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mommy can we catch that monkey we saw at the circus.
cgv	no.
kid	how come.
cgv	because he's the circus' property.
kid	no let's catch him for a pet we should find him where they live.
cgv	the circus people.
kid	no no where the trees are.
cgv	the jungle.
kid	yeah then we would find him and get him and say +"/..
kid	+" hi.
cgv	do you want a snack before you go to bed.
kid	I just don't know what I want I just don't know what I want.
cgv	do you want to go to bed.
kid	no I want to play too I want to play inside.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I want to play inside.
cgv	for how long.
kid	for two.
cgv	two minutes.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay.
