participant	content
cgv	what are you going to try and make out of it.
kid	I was gon (t)a try and make remember the airplane I saw outside.
kid	I'm gon (t)a make that kind of airplane.
cgv	oh okay try and find the page it's on.
kid	it's not very good it's a different kind of airplane in here see.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a make this airplane not this one not this one either hey.
kid	come outside I know which one I wan(t) (t)a make.
cgv	hey Daddy knows how to make paper airplanes.
cgv	do you want to make a paper airplane.
kid	yeah remember that little airplane I saw outside yesterday.
cgv	I sure do what did I say.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	I said maybe Daddy can make us one he's good at that.
cgv	bring me a piece of paper I'll see if I can help you.
kid	remember that airplane with funny kind of wings.
kid	I wanted that kind of airplane.
cgv	we'll see.
kid	here I got some paper I got you some paper Dad.
cgv	okay tell me what it looks like.
kid	it had wings like this see.
kid	see how flat my fingers are.
cgv	real flat wings huh.
kid	yeah.
cgv	did it have a point on the front.
kid	no yeah yeah I wanted this kind of airplane.
cgv	that's going to be hard to do let's see.
cgv	are you cold Abe.
kid	no is that my apple.
cgv	where.
kid	on Daddy's desk Daddy is that my apple.
cgv	yeah you can have it.
kid	why each day I need to eat my fruit.
cgv	fruit is so good for you beside that it tastes good.
kid	Mommy why are mice afraid of <mice traps> [*].
kid	why.
cgv	why is what made out of <mice traps> [*].
kid	why are mice afraid of <mice traps> [*].
cgv	oh because people use <mice traps> [*] to get mice because mice are a little nuisance.
kid	know why hawks baby hawks are afraid of mouse+traps.
cgv	why.
kid	because each time a hawk sees a hawk trap it tries to eat the stuff in in the hawk trap and a hawk eats the hawk trap all.
cgv	all by himself.
kid	yeah all up that's why baby hawks are afraid of hawk traps.
cgv	here you go.
kid	that's the airplane I wanted.
cgv	is it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay do you want to see if it works.
kid	(ex)cept you need to go outside to try it.
cgv	we can try in here watch.
kid	I'm gon (t)a try it in your chair I'm gon (t)a try it in your chair Dad.
cgv	okay.
kid	(ex)cept why did you color on it.
cgv	so it would look like an airplane.
kid	it should be a airplane.
cgv	it is an airplane come here let me show you how to hold it.
kid	is that a good one.
cgv	that was a good one Abe.
kid	I didn't know paper airplanes fly really neat.
cgv	that one does doesn't it.
cgv	wow.
cgv	what.
kid	you missed it.
cgv	do it again I'm going to watch this time.
kid	okay watch this.
cgv	woo.
kid	Daddy watch this this is neat Daddy watch this.
cgv	I'm watching.
kid	this time this one is gon (t)a be really neat Daddy did you tape it together.
cgv	yeah it's in good shape.
kid	watch watch.
cgv	okay pretty clever.
kid	this airplane is different because the one I saw was shorter than this one.
cgv	did you see the decorations Daddy drew on it.
kid	yeah I saw them.
cgv	watch this Abe.
kid	what is that.
cgv	watch.
kid	mmm I don't know how to do that.
cgv	just hold it right here and throw it.
kid	can I do it.
cgv	sure you can have it.
kid	is this how.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I didn't see it so I wan(t) (t)a do it again.
cgv	stand in your chair and do it.
kid	in my chair.
cgv	yeah.
kid	or in this chair.
cgv	it doesn't matter.
cgv	what does that remind you of Abe.
kid	it reminds me of hawks flying yeah that kind of bird can sometimes since some hawks know to fly far away.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mommy watch this I'm gon (t)a do throw I'm gon (t)a do both of them together.
cgv	both of them at the same time.
kid	yeah (ex)cept it's really hard Mommy watch this.
cgv	I'm watching Abe.
kid	you didn't watch the other time.
cgv	you didn't tell me you were about to throw them either.
cgv	the airplane landed in the barn.
kid	the barn was open Daddy watch this Daddy this is gon (t)a be really neat watch this.
cgv	okay here let me fix this and then it'll be really neat.
cgv	while Daddy's fixing that why don't you tell him what you did to your hat at Danny's house today.
kid	I throwed it.
cgv	and what happened to it.
kid	it got up.
cgv	where.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	on the awning of the porch.
kid	yeah.
cgv	you threw it that high.
kid	yeah and and and a hockey stick got it down.
cgv	a hockey stick and Mommy got it down.
kid	that's pretty good Dad.
cgv	okay here you go.
kid	Daddy watch this this is gon (t)a be really amazing I'm gon (t)a do them at the same time both of them.
cgv	okay wow.
kid	boy that's really neat Daddy do it at the same time Daddy this time do these at the same time.
cgv	do you want me to do them at the same time.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay.
kid	it's pretty hard.
cgv	it sure is I'm trying to figure out how to do it whoa.
kid	I'll show you how it's pretty hard for you.
cgv	it sure is.
kid	see you get two of them and then you throw Daddy what is this you maked.
cgv	that's a helicopter.
kid	(ex)cept it's different.
cgv	a whirly+bird.
kid	the first time I will do this and then the airplane okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mommy watch this.
cgv	watch this Abe.
kid	I can't do that Daddy.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I'm too short.
cgv	too short for what.
kid	too short to reach the ceiling.
cgv	oh your way's just as good.
kid	(ex)cept I can't reach the ceiling.
cgv	I don't reach the ceiling all the time either see.
kid	know what.
kid	this wasn't very sturdy.
cgv	how come.
kid	because look it's fat a little bit fat Mommy I jumped to this a chair.
cgv	you jumped over to the chair from the foot+stool.
kid	uhhuh Mommy watch this.
cgv	okay.
kid	wait it can't go this far.
cgv	you are really tricky.
kid	I didn't hurt my arm why is this called a whirly+bird.
cgv	why.
kid	yeah.
cgv	because it goes around when it come down.
kid	oh I didn't know whirly+birds could do that that was pretty amazing ship ahoy.
cgv	what.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" ship ahoy.
cgv	oh you have your telescope.
kid	ship ahoy Mommy why when people don't have bath+tubs they start yelling for policeman.
cgv	when they don't have bath+tubs.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I didn't know that where did you see that.
kid	I saw it on Sesame Street.
cgv	they didn't have bath+tubs.
kid	no no mmm got a policeman and they started walking and they got a rubber duckie and then they found a sailboat and then they got into a jungle and they found a gorilla and the bath+tub.
cgv	they were looking for all the clues weren't they.
kid	yeah.
cgv	they wanted to find out who stole the bath+tub so they followed the clues and they found out who stole the bath+tub.
kid	a gorilla.
cgv	right the gorilla took the bath+tub.
kid	Mommy what is this face.
cgv	it looks upset to me.
kid	yeah maybe Mommy what happened to all the faces.
cgv	how many faces does he have Abe.
kid	three Mommy what happened to all the faces.
kid	Mommy maybe the faces got written off.
cgv	scratched off.
kid	yeah.
cgv	maybe you're just covering them up and hiding them.
kid	I don't like three faces I don't like three faces I like one face at a time like I have one face.
cgv	you have how many faces.
kid	one.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah.
cgv	when you cry do you have the same face as you laugh.
kid	yeah they just look different I wan(t) (t)a go outside now.
cgv	I think we're gon (t)a go to K_Mart.
kid	Mommy I don't wan(t) (t)a go to K_Mart.
cgv	don't you want to help us find a baseball mitt.
kid	we already did and we didn't find one right.
kid	Daddy we already looked and we couldn't find one.
cgv	right but we decided that we'd get one mitt if it didn't cost a lot of money.
kid	do you have a lot of money.
kid	I bet you don't know.
cgv	I don't have very much.
cgv	maybe we can use your pennies.
kid	no you can't no anybody can't get my suitcase and noone can't get my poop my poop is inside my face.
cgv	it is.
cgv	that's strange.
kid	Daddy look my poop is inside my face.
cgv	I don't see it.
kid	it's inside my skin is protecting it.
cgv	what.
kid	it's inside and my skin is protecting it.
cgv	oh.
kid	and I don't have a brain.
cgv	how come.
kid	because and why do dinosaurs have brains you stink+head.
cgv	I don't know why.
kid	huh.
cgv	why do dinosaurs have brains.
kid	they do too.
cgv	why do they.
kid	I don't know Mommy how did dinosaurs get brains.
cgv	they're born with them.
kid	Mommy I closed my suitcase so you can't get mine pennies.
cgv	I was just teasing I was the one who got you those pennies anyway.
kid	Santa Claus got me the pennies.
cgv	no you're telling me a story.
kid	I am not Mommy look my hand is hurted.
cgv	it's hurting.
kid	no outside when you were playing cowboys we see this this thing got on that see.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mommy how long will we get to K_Mart.
kid	K_Mart Mommy can you say K_Mart.
cgv	K_Mart is the correct pronunciation.
kid	I can't say K_Mart.
cgv	you have another splinter in your hand.
kid	where.
cgv	right here.
kid	Mommy you forgot.
cgv	forgot what.
kid	you forgot to hit me on the head.
cgv	you want me to.
kid	yeah.
kid	you silly goose I didn't say to do that again.
cgv	hold still I want to get this splinter out so it doesn't get infected.
kid	what does infected mean.
cgv	a lot of bad germs come and stay in your sore.
kid	Mommy the one I got at school was pretty big and the nurse pulled it out and it was bleeding a little bit Mommy I wasn't playing outside enough.
cgv	today.
kid	yeah.
cgv	as soon as we get back home you can play out some more okay.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a play out now I wan(t) (t)a play outside now.
cgv	we're just going to K_Mart for a few minutes.
kid	no I wan(t) (t)a ride my bike.
cgv	you wan(t) (t)a do everything we don't want to do.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a do everything you don't wan(t) (t)a do (be)cause you're wrong all the time Mommy why is this white thing here.
cgv	it's just part of the suitcase.
kid	and why is this black.
kid	Mommy hit my head again.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I like it.
cgv	knock knock who's there.
kid	it's a woodpecker Mommy Jason has Indians and cowboys and soldiers.
cgv	did you play with them.
kid	yeah just one soldier I played with just one soldier.
cgv	did you bury him in the sand.
kid	I tried (ex)cept it couldn't bury.
cgv	get your sweatshirt.
kid	why.
kid	it's not pretty cold.
cgv	uhhuh the wind's blowing.
kid	I could protect my tummy and here.
cgv	how.
kid	by my cape.
cgv	that would protect your back not your tummy.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a protect my back not my tummy.
cgv	you have to wear something else.
kid	my cowboy jacket just my cowboy jacket I wan(t) (t)a be a cowboy again remember how I was a cowboy.
kid	I bringed just my gun out.
cgv	did you bring your gun back in.
kid	I don't think so.
