participant	content
cgv	that's alright just tell me the parts that you remember.
cgv	go ahead and try.
kid	this crocodile was standing around waiting for someone to drop around and what did he see when he saw it.
kid	he saw a mammoth elephant and some other animals and some others and the crocodile was so happy he jumped in the air and he thought someone was gon (t)a be a mmm and was someone was gon (t)a have a party and and it was and do they mmm and then they wanted to go join the party so off they went goed@n to it and skunk had a party.
cgv	who had a party.
kid	skunk like I said.
cgv	oh.
kid	remember.
kid	it had a skunk in the story.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	so the elephant eated a cake with his trunk Daddy a elephant eated a cake with his trunk wasn't that silly.
cgv	it really was.
kid	and then the party was over and then then something strange smelled in the sky they they heard something strange coming.
cgv	what was it.
kid	it was a dangerous fox and it was so long and it was this feet tall.
cgv	wow how many feet tall is that.
kid	it was this big and this big and this big.
cgv	wow that's big I'd hate to meet up with him in the forest.
kid	it's in a different forest don't worry.
cgv	then what happened.
kid	and then he catched a big dangerous mooze@c and killed him by accident then he said +"/..
kid	+" I'm sorry Mr Mooze@c.
kid	and the snake didn't say anything he just died the fox just killed him.
cgv	what did the mooze@c say.
kid	he didn't say anything I said he didn't say anything.
cgv	then what happened Abe.
kid	the fox went back to his home and got all that dinner to his Mommy and his baby snake and then they and then they it's really a long story.
cgv	well go ahead keep telling me I'm listening.
kid	and someone else was gon (t)a have a party and they found out that the alligator was.
cgv	the alligator was gon (t)a have a party.
kid	he was this long he was the biggest alligator and so they started to eat it too and +/..
cgv	what did they start to eat.
kid	a cake for a cake was so many one cake one chocolate cake.
cgv	whose favorite was that.
kid	it was um um strawberry so it was the skunk had a party like that at his (ex)cept the alligator had the kind he liked that.
cgv	what kind of presents did he get.
kid	he gotted@n lots of stuff he got a toy fire engine just to work in in the river know how it would work.
cgv	how.
kid	like this and he got a piano just like me.
cgv	how long did the party last.
kid	it lasted longest the party lasted twenty five.
cgv	twenty five.
kid	yeah.
cgv	minutes.
cgv	hours.
kid	yeah so when that party was over the elephant got so tired that he decided to lay down and he did and so when uh what did the hunter do to the dangerous uh the other dangerous animal.
cgv	I thought that when the elephant was laying down he heard a strange noise.
kid	when the elephant was laying down he heard something bad coming.
cgv	what was it.
kid	maybe it was maybe it would be a dinosaur.
cgv	what was it.
cgv	tell me the rest of the story.
kid	and then it was a dinosaur and then the elephant got so scared he got up and seed what did the dinosaur do.
cgv	what did the dinosaur do.
kid	he eated up the meat not him.
cgv	he ate who.
kid	the meat.
cgv	the meat.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	where did the meat come from.
kid	it comed@n from the elephant the elephant just had some it was Easter in that jungle.
cgv	it was Easter so the elephant had some meat.
cgv	is that right.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay I just wanted to keep the story straight.
kid	and so the dinosaur got some meat [=! makes chewing sounds] that's how he chewed and and he started chewing that and chewing and chewing and he got so hungry he started jumping up and down up and down up and down up and down up and down.
cgv	while he was eating.
cgv	or after he was through eating.
kid	when he was eating he was eating so much he jumped up and down up and down up and down.
cgv	what did that sound like.
kid	it sounded like the elephant was trumpeting and so when the dinosaur left he goed@n back to sleep.
cgv	who went back to sleep.
kid	the elephant and after that something else strange was coming a giant bird was coming the biggest bird he frightened the elephant then the hunter comed@n and and I think the hunter killed the big bad bird.
cgv	why did the hunter kill him.
kid	he killed the giant bird not the elephant.
cgv	what did the elephant say.
kid	he said thanks ["] look my hole is starting to get big.
cgv	uhhuh I have to repair that shirt did the elephant have any dreams while he was laying there.
kid	yeah he dreamed about jumping up and down up and down like the dinosaur did.
cgv	was he able to do it.
kid	no he didn't have any more food.
cgv	who ate all the food.
cgv	gosh I have to go.
kid	where.
cgv	I have to go to my class tonight.
kid	that was the end.
cgv	tell me the story.
kid	that was the end.
cgv	I'm really late I wonder if I should take my bike since I'm so late.
kid	no when you don't have the lights they don't turn on.
cgv	what do you want Abe.
kid	I want my airplane.
cgv	I'll get it.
kid	that's my airplane awoh it had a wreck Daddy fix it.
cgv	okay.
kid	did you see me jump up and down Mom.
cgv	yeah you looked just like a dinosaur eating his food.
cgv	well Abe what else happened today.
kid	nothin(g) else nothing else happened that's good.
cgv	what.
kid	that's good.
cgv	what's good.
kid	I think uh uh since Mommy shutted the door that's good.
cgv	oh I see.
kid	step on the piano step on the piano step on the piano step on the piano.
cgv	why are you stepping on your piano.
kid	I'm stepping on the piano.
cgv	huh.
cgv	what did you say.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" I'm stepping on the piano.
cgv	don't step on the piano you might break it.
kid	Daddy when are you gon (t)a go to school.
kid	maybe a show's on.
cgv	what.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" sometime soon maybe when are you gon (t)a go to school.
kid	+" maybe a show's on.
cgv	when I go to school maybe a show will be on.
kid	maybe are you gon (t)a go to school or not.
cgv	tonight.
kid	yeah.
cgv	no I'm gon (t)a stay home tonight.
kid	you are I want you to go to school.
cgv	why.
kid	because.
cgv	why.
kid	because.
cgv	because why.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	tell me why.
kid	I don't know why I just want you to go just go to school.
cgv	who would watch you.
kid	maybe Jean downstairs.
cgv	oh why do you want to go downstairs.
kid	because I wan(t) (t)a play with Sherry's all toys.
cgv	well Jean's going to watch you on Saturday.
kid	this is Saturday.
cgv	no it's Monday.
kid	no Saturday Daddy maybe a show is on maybe a show is on.
cgv	do you wan(t) (t)a watch some tv.
kid	yeah.
cgv	let's look and see what's on nope nothing's on now something's on later on though.
kid	what is it.
cgv	a movie.
kid	huh.
cgv	a movie.
kid	then is the animal show on.
cgv	I don't think so not tonight.
kid	0.
cgv	what are you doing Abe.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a watch this.
cgv	Abe nothing's on.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a see all the pictures.
cgv	what pictures.
kid	all the pictures that are in there so leave it on.
cgv	okay who's that.
kid	Snoopy I can't hear the tv +....
cgv	just a second I'll turn it up.
kid	Daddy will you show me how to hold airplane.
cgv	okay look hold it right here and when you throw it throw it up try to hit the ceiling okay.
kid	throw it to my hands.
cgv	okay there you go.
kid	somehow it a little bit got broke.
cgv	somehow what.
kid	somehow I said +"/..
kid	+" somehow it got a little broke.
cgv	oh.
kid	ready.
kid	I'm gon (t)a throw it are you ready.
cgv	just a second let me blow my nose good shot.
kid	don't throw it to me I catch it hard just bring it to me that would be a good idea if you would bring it to me.
cgv	just hand it to you.
kid	yeah instead of throwing it because you throw it so funny Daddy bring me it.
cgv	here I'll throw it to you.
kid	you missed catch.
cgv	you missed too.
kid	we all missed did it get broken.
cgv	almost we better be careful.
kid	how did it get how did it get almost broke.
cgv	by throwing it too hard it landed wrong.
kid	huh.
cgv	it landed wrong what are you doing.
kid	I don't know maybe we could have some ice cream maybe we could have some ice cream.
cgv	later on.
kid	I want some ice cream.
cgv	maybe later on okay.
kid	I want some now.
