participant	content
cgv	yeah what did you do at school today.
kid	we made a little snowman it was a snowman but it didn't have much snow can I sit on your lap.
cgv	sure you made a snowman.
kid	yeah (ex)cept it wasn't big it's not a snowman we can make.
cgv	it's a snowman we can make.
kid	no it's not a snowman we can make.
cgv	how come.
kid	because it's flatter than the ones we make hey.
cgv	it's what.
kid	it's littler than tiny round balls.
cgv	was it made out of paper.
kid	yeah.
cgv	how small was it.
kid	well I think it was this small.
cgv	that is pretty small.
kid	Daddy can I see what that is.
cgv	what.
kid	that thing this little thing.
cgv	that's a fossil.
kid	can I see it.
cgv	okay here it is.
kid	can I see it.
kid	what are what are these things supposed to be.
cgv	those are part of the sea shell before it turned into a fossil it could open and close.
kid	oh just a second can you help me get this down.
cgv	what.
kid	this.
cgv	okay.
kid	and I'll tell you what kind of I'll see if any kind of sea+shell that's in there owned that fossil.
cgv	what.
kid	I'm gon (t)a tell you if any of that of that if any of those owned this fossil.
cgv	you're going to tell me if one of these sea shells is the same type as the fossil.
kid	is this one the same type.
kid	is this the one it comed@n from.
cgv	what.
kid	is this the one it comed@n from.
cgv	no it doesn't look like it to me.
kid	yeah it has to be bigger.
cgv	it doesn't have to be bigger it just has to be the same type right.
kid	yeah this might be the kind.
kid	what about this kind.
cgv	what do you think.
kid	maybe this kind will be it no how (a)bout maybe this got growned@n on it.
kid	and then it broke off.
cgv	what.
kid	maybe this got growned@n on the fossil and then it broke off.
cgv	how did it get growned@n.
kid	you know like growing up.
cgv	oh so the coral grew on the fossil.
kid	yep.
cgv	what if the fossil wasn't in water.
kid	then it won't be growned@n and the sea shell would die look at this one this is sort of prickly.
cgv	yep.
kid	is this the same type.
kid	what are these two kinds.
kid	do these own it.
cgv	do they own it.
kid	yeah does this one own it.
cgv	what do you mean +"/..
cgv	+" own it.
kid	I mean which sea shell owned that fossil.
cgv	okay what do you mean +"/..
cgv	+" own it.
cgv	bought it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	how could a sea shell buy a fossil.
kid	no I don't mean +"/..
kid	+" bought it.
kid	what kind owned it.
kid	what kind owned it when it got dead.
cgv	do you mean what kind of sea+shell was it.
kid	yeah hey I found another fossil it's one that got from a little shell let's see it might be this kind it is this kind.
cgv	is it.
kid	yeah see what shape it is.
cgv	yep.
kid	hey this has to be a different kind see.
kid	this is a different kind than this one maybe this got shrunk no maybe this kind owns it hey.
kid	I found the one that owns it.
cgv	let me see.
kid	this kind see.
kid	this kind owns it.
cgv	I still don't know what you mean by +"/..
cgv	+" owns it.
kid	I mean this kind owns the fossil.
cgv	how does it own it.
kid	I mean when it got dead.
cgv	when it got dead what happened.
kid	then you found it it got on the seashore and you found it and this sea shell owned it.
cgv	okay but what does it mean when you say something owned it.
kid	the fossil comed@n from this kind of sea shell.
cgv	oh and that means it owned it.
kid	yeah this kind of sea shell owned it for a long time until it died or until it got all sick and then died.
cgv	okay I think I understand now.
kid	yeah I told you.
cgv	thanks for the explanation.
kid	and we found the sea+shell that owned it didn't we.
cgv	I think we found one of the same type.
kid	I can't put this up can you put this up.
kid	hey.
kid	I'll put it where I can reach it okay.
kid	maybe I could put it right here.
cgv	why don't I put it somewhere else.
kid	where I can't reach it.
cgv	no what if I put it right here.
kid	okay then I could reach it do you wan(t) (t)a see my cowboy lasso.
cgv	yeah.
kid	okay it has to be a loop.
cgv	right.
kid	see how long it is.
kid	see how long it is.
cgv	pretty long.
kid	did you see that.
cgv	I sure did you're getting pretty good let me try to lasso the truck.
kid	okay can I try to get it.
cgv	let me try then you can okay your turn.
kid	I almost got it did you see that.
cgv	I sure did.
kid	do you want to see my trick.
cgv	yeah.
kid	see.
kid	awoh I fell in the water.
cgv	are you okay.
kid	yeah I was gon (t)a try to lasso the light.
cgv	oh don't do that you'll pull the light down what do you think would happen if you pulled the light down.
kid	I won't do it.
cgv	I know but what do you think would happen if you did that.
kid	does the light have fire on there.
cgv	hat do you think.
kid	I think the light would break.
cgv	the light would break that's right what else.
kid	I don't know what else hey that might be Mom.
cgv	do you think that noise was Mom.
kid	yep no not Mom I'm gon (t)a get that lasso.
cgv	what.
kid	I was trying to get that lasso.
cgv	I'm gon (t)a get you hey what was that dream about you had last night.
kid	it was about me sleeping in my bed and a giant wolf came in to eat me up.
cgv	what.
kid	I was sleeping in my bed and a giant wolf comed@n to eat me up.
cgv	a giant wolf.
kid	yeah bigger than you and me and Mommy.
cgv	it was just a dream though right.
kid	yeah I'm gon (t)a lasso you.
cgv	what do you do with something after you lasso it.
kid	eat it all up I'm gon (t)a eat all you up.
cgv	no no help.
cgv	do you have to go tee+tee.
kid	no I'm gon (t)a get you I'm gon (t)a eat you up.
cgv	oh yeah.
kid	yeah I can get you I can get you I can get you I can get you I can get you I can get you.
cgv	I'm going to tie you up.
kid	hey.
kid	why did you wreck that.
cgv	it was an accident besides maybe I didn't wreck it you might have wrecked it.
kid	no I didn't wreck it you wrecked it.
cgv	how do you know.
kid	because I didn't wreck it I'm a robber why are you doing that.
cgv	tying you up.
kid	yeah.
cgv	so you won't be able to get me can you untie yourself.
kid	no you need to do it I can't do it.
cgv	okay.
kid	hurry this is making me hot.
cgv	okay.
kid	hurry I have to tee+tee.
cgv	okay go.
kid	Daddy.
cgv	yeah.
kid	tell me if Mommy comes home while I'm teeteeing.
cgv	okay.
kid	I hear something.
cgv	what do you think it is.
kid	I'm going to look and see what it is hey what are you doing.
cgv	what did you hear.
kid	I heared@n something like the tv.
cgv	well the tv wasn't on.
kid	I'm gon (t)a make something really neat okay.
cgv	sure I'd like that.
kid	it's gon (t)a be big.
cgv	big.
kid	yeah it's really gon (t)a be big.
cgv	what's it going to be.
kid	something for all the animals a cage look how big it is now it's not finished yet I need some more blocks.
cgv	you sure do.
kid	you know one of his horns got broken.
cgv	the deer.
kid	yeah (ex)cept you know what.
kid	it's hard.
cgv	his antler.
kid	yeah I need to be very careful I'm almost finished.
cgv	what would happen if you didn't finish it.
kid	by day.
cgv	yeah by tomorrow.
kid	it has to be day night day night.
cgv	right Abe what would happen if you didn't finish the cage.
kid	then the animals wouldn't go in.
cgv	oh.
kid	look at this eight.
cgv	you made an eight out of a rubberband that's good.
kid	why are you looking in the tv guide.
cgv	just for the heck of it.
kid	the cage is gon (t)a be this big look at the zoo+keeper look even two dinosaurs.
cgv	uhhuh two dinosaurs are already in.
kid	right here's water right here.
