participant	content
kid	what.
cgv	tomorrow when you wake up wake me up don't wake Mommy up let her sleep okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	what are you doing.
kid	looking at this book.
cgv	what's it about.
kid	remember that guy.
cgv	sandman.
kid	uhhuh sandman.
cgv	is it good.
kid	yep have you saw my other comic book since tonight.
cgv	since last night.
kid	yeah since last night.
cgv	it's right there next to the footstool.
kid	oh.
cgv	did Mommy tell you how you're going to Texas today.
kid	uhhuh I don't know how we are maybe by the train maybe by the airplane maybe by the car.
cgv	is that what she said.
kid	maybe one thing maybe something.
cgv	did she mention a bus.
kid	yeah she mentioned a bus maybe we'll go on a bus that's what she said.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy can I have some more of that ice cream.
cgv	yeah let me finish combing my hair okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	why don't you put up your science thing.
kid	where is it.
kid	I see it should I put it right here.
cgv	okay Abe what are you doing.
cgv	you're not saying much.
kid	I'm just thinking.
cgv	what are you thinking about.
kid	I don't even know what I'm thinking about.
cgv	huh.
kid	I don't even know what I'm thinking about.
cgv	oh what do you think you were thinking about.
kid	I don't know what I'm thinking about.
cgv	I know you don't know but what do you think you were thinking about.
kid	I said I don't know what I'm thinking about.
cgv	what would have happened the other day in Colorado if the mountain would have fallen on top of us.
cgv	what would have happened.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	what do you think would have happened.
kid	we'd get smashed.
cgv	that's right we'd have gotten smashed.
kid	right.
cgv	you didn't tell me all that you did with Nana and Pete.
kid	Pete tricked me a lot.
cgv	he did.
kid	yeah and I tricked him sometimes he tricked me most of the times.
cgv	he will trick you.
kid	no he did trick me Daddy do you remember when I was teasing you with that string coming out.
cgv	uhhuh that mustard thing.
kid	yeah that mustard thing I squished it but it didn't really have mustard it really had a string in it it really was a string it really was a string.
cgv	I know.
kid	me too.
cgv	do you want some ice cream.
kid	yeah has Jason brought over my stuff yet.
cgv	huh.
kid	has Jason comed@n over with my stuff.
cgv	not yet he'll probably bring it over in a little while.
kid	my horsie was walking in glue.
cgv	huh.
kid	my horsie was just walking in that glue.
cgv	your pretend horse.
kid	yeah and that pretend glue.
cgv	oh.
kid	I call it real glue.
cgv	instead of pretend glue.
kid	yeah Daddy are you getting me some ice cream.
cgv	yeah.
kid	goody if my ice cream was melting I'd have to eat it real fast right.
kid	right watch this guy is going in the lion cage.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	what do monkeys like to eat best of all.
cgv	what.
kid	what do monkeys like to eat best of all.
cgv	bananas I think.
kid	they don't eat just bananas you know that.
cgv	what else do they eat.
kid	they eat bee eggs.
cgv	bee eggs.
kid	I saw one on the Wonder of Them All eating a bee egg.
cgv	oh.
kid	(ex)cept it almost gotted@n stinged or it gotted@n stinged.
cgv	which one happened.
kid	it gotted@n stinged.
cgv	why did it get stung.
kid	a bee stinged it (be)cause it was eating bee eggs oh it did fall on the floor some of that ice cream did.
cgv	well get down there and wipe it up.
kid	okay [=! sings a song] that's what I heared@n on Bert Oscar was in it too there now it's all picked up.
cgv	good.
kid	you got less to eat or do I got more to eat.
kid	I think you got more to eat.
cgv	I think so too.
kid	me too now we got the same.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Daddy what if all of my ice cream was melted.
cgv	I don't know what.
kid	then it would have to be eated with a spoon.
cgv	yeah but aren't you eating it with a spoon now.
kid	yeah but I could eat it with a fork if I wanted to eat it with a fork.
cgv	do you think so.
kid	yeah but only if it's hard.
cgv	oh is it good ice cream.
kid	yeah very good.
cgv	well that's the best kind then huh.
kid	yeah I like it it's unbelievable good.
cgv	wow.
kid	ice cream is nutritious right.
cgv	yeah it's pretty nutritious what's Chop_wood doing.
kid	I just got up and and he just started he just started to go.
cgv	oh.
kid	(ex)cept he already ate breakfast and lunch and dinner.
cgv	wow is he hungry.
kid	no he ate all those things hey Daddy.
cgv	what.
kid	that was neat he was just falling and he was still holding on.
cgv	wow.
kid	(ex)cept both of his hands are staying on real good.
cgv	oh.
kid	that's how he stays his hands stay like that Daddy both hands weren't staying on just one hand was staying on.
cgv	did he hurt himself.
kid	no I remember he never hurts himself except if he falls really hard Chop_wood is a good motorcycle driver.
cgv	I can tell what are you up to Abe.
kid	playing.
cgv	oh.
