participant	content
cgv	it's cooking.
kid	oh.
cgv	where's your chain Abe.
kid	my Mom's gon (t)a tie it you could see the other one it's diamonds.
cgv	that's neat wow how did you think of that.
kid	in my busy book it's for the Christmas tree.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mommy I don't want you to wind up sitting on this.
cgv	well I hope you didn't put it in my chair.
kid	I didn't.
cgv	are you ready to eat.
kid	I am ready why doesn't Mommy hear any footsteps.
cgv	why.
kid	(be)cause I'm tip+toeing.
cgv	oh.
kid	Dad you are not coming I could see you you are not coming you are looking for at the tape recorder.
cgv	that's right.
kid	now you're looking at the radio where's the knife.
kid	I want a knife I want a knife I want a knife I want a knife.
cgv	just a second and I'll get it.
cgv	Mom said Karen sent you something in the mail today.
kid	I know.
cgv	what was it.
kid	Karen said +"/..
kid	+" why didn't you why don't you send me any letters.
kid	and I already sent her one she's getting a little impatient.
cgv	maybe she was hinting that you should send her another one.
kid	huh.
cgv	maybe she wants you to write more often.
kid	hey how do you think she made that train.
cgv	it was already on there.
kid	how do you think the person who made it.
cgv	he was just real talented.
kid	Daddy I put these in everybody's mailboxes today.
cgv	alright.
kid	and I also put Shannon's in Chris's mailbox but Chris put Shannon's in in Shannon's.
cgv	good.
cgv	it was a good thing it was Shannon's and Jason's.
kid	why.
cgv	I don't think Chris knows where Jason lives.
kid	right good thing it wasn't Amara's either I don't think Chris knows where Amara lives oh.
kid	Chris does know where Amara lives.
cgv	he does.
kid	I think he does.
cgv	Abe got a surprise at the barber shop Dad.
cgv	it looks like he got surprised it looks like he got scalped.
kid	hey Daddy how do you think those other kinds of Indians keep their hairs up.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	is that in true life that they could do that.
cgv	yeah maybe they use bear grease.
cgv	or butch+wax.
kid	Momma what's butch+wax.
cgv	it's wax that boys used to put on their hair to make it stand up.
kid	Mommy how do the indians keep their hair clean.
cgv	by washing it.
kid	they don't got shampoo.
cgv	they used to make soap somehow.
cgv	Abe guess what's on tv tomorrow.
kid	football.
cgv	right guess which team.
kid	Texas.
cgv	right the Dallas cowboys.
kid	you mean they won.
kid	so they're on.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Frosty the Snowman is on tonight.
cgv	right.
kid	come in.
cgv	what are you doing.
kid	I'm looking at your feet I have on black socks too hey.
kid	that's what I do on my Momma I taught you how to do that you watched me and you tried to do it right Shannon.
cgv	right.
kid	that's what I do in Texas look what I made for the Christmas tree John John I made diamonds for the Christmas tree.
cgv	how are doing Abe.
kid	fine I want to watch Frosty the Snowman.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah that's a Christmas show.
cgv	why do you think you'll like it.
kid	(be)cause it's a cartoon and I like cartoons.
cgv	oh okay maybe I'll let you watch it then.
kid	you will.
cgv	what do you mean.
cgv	maybe I will.
kid	you will.
cgv	what.
kid	I was talking to myself.
cgv	oh Abe.
kid	what.
cgv	I was going to ask you something but I can't remember what do you think I would have asked you if I would have asked you something.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	give me a guess what do you think I would have asked you.
kid	sometimes you ask me really silly stuff I don't know what would have you asked me.
cgv	huh.
kid	what would have you asked me.
kid	something that begins with a e@l.
kid	or a b@l.
kid	or a a@l.
cgv	maybe.
kid	ow.
kid	right down the.
cgv	what did you do today.
kid	at school.
kid	I didn't go to school today.
cgv	I know what did you do.
kid	I played and I mailed the invitations and then what else.
cgv	I don't know I wasn't home.
kid	and I asked Gary and Gary wasn't home and I asked Leslie and Leslie was home.
cgv	asked them what.
kid	to come to my party.
cgv	oh.
kid	I want milk I want milk I want milk.
cgv	okay I'll get it.
kid	you know what I was thinking Dad.
cgv	what.
kid	wrestling so why don't we wrestle.
kid	when we're through eating.
cgv	okay.
kid	and remember it's the touch the ball wrestle.
cgv	okay.
kid	and Daddy remember that's the kind of wrestling that we're always gon (t)a do.
cgv	not always what do you think would have happened last night if you would have never got to touch the ball.
cgv	what do you think would have happened then.
kid	I would cry so bad.
cgv	you would have cried.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what else would have happened.
kid	I would make you fall on the floor and then I could touch the floor.
cgv	yeah well why do you think you would have cried.
cgv	would you really have cried.
kid	yeah probably I'd cry (be)cause I'd be so sad but Dad the first time that we played I winned@n.
cgv	that's right you won.
kid	the first time I'm a ribbit@o frog I'm a ribbit@o frog I'm a ribbit@o frog I'm a ribbit@o frog I'm not such a good frog you know frog you know Daddy do you know what this is.
kid	there's gon (t)a be a party.
cgv	whose party.
kid	my party what would happen if last night I would have not letted you beat me.
kid	what would happen if last night I wouldn't have let you catch me.
cgv	what.
kid	what would have happened last night if I wouldn't let you catch me.
kid	what would have happened.
cgv	then you would have won what do you think would have happened.
kid	I think what would have happened is you would cry I think you would cry.
cgv	no I wouldn't have cried.
kid	you and you wouldn't get me you would never get me.
cgv	don't forget your vitamin.
kid	I already drank my vitamin I mean I already drank my milk Dad I'm ready.
cgv	I'm not.
kid	why.
cgv	because I want to read the paper.
kid	okay how much more pages.
cgv	not very long remember we're not going to do it for a real long time.
kid	do you mean we're not gon (t)a do it until we're through until you're through reading the paper.
cgv	no I mean we're not going to wrestle very long.
kid	I know so we're not going to do it until you're through reading the paper right Dad.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	this guy's gon (t)a get on here.
cgv	what are you playing.
kid	I'm play I'm playing emergency.
cgv	oh.
kid	he fell the pole didn't fall the water didn't fall but he fell this time he's gon (t)a make it oh I almost fell that almost broke the pole.
cgv	well.
kid	you mean you're done.
cgv	no almost what are you trying to have the guy do Abe.
kid	I'm trying to have the guy jump he's going to sit here and then jump this guy is gon (t)a sit right now now I'm gon (t)a try to have the guy stand up here.
