participant	content
cgv	what have you got there.
kid	a lion.
cgv	where'd you get it.
kid	at Greggy's house.
cgv	did he give it to you.
kid	no I have to take it back it was in my pocket.
cgv	oh.
kid	here Daddy catch.
cgv	I'm ready oh I missed.
kid	I'm gon (t)a throw it again here catch.
cgv	okay nice throw do want me to throw it to you.
kid	yeah catch Mom.
cgv	whoa I thought you were throwing that to Mom where did it go.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	I don't see it.
kid	I don't either.
cgv	maybe it's under here look for it Abe I don't see it anywhere.
kid	I don't either hey someone writes on here see.
cgv	uhhuh here's your ball.
kid	I'm gon (t)a throw it to Momma whoops I missed.
cgv	you missed.
kid	yeah I was gon (t)a throw it to Momma (ex)cept I missed.
cgv	okay your food's ready.
kid	I'm wan(t) (t)a sit right here and eat one.
cgv	no last time you got crumbs all over everything come sit at the table.
kid	that was for you I got you all that today.
cgv	I know you were the mailman today.
kid	Momma I can't eat this I don't have any hot chocolate how (a)bout hot chocolate.
cgv	okay just a second I'll get it for you.
kid	and how (a)bout honey on here.
cgv	just a second.
kid	I'm gon (t)a put it on.
cgv	what.
kid	the honey.
cgv	I'll get the honey for you okay.
kid	and then I'll put it on okay.
cgv	okay need some help.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay there you go.
kid	that's not all look.
cgv	oh you want some honey on each piece.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay there you go.
kid	Mommy remember the thing we watched on Sesame Street.
cgv	what Abe.
kid	rememember remember] on tv on Sesame Street we watched on Sesame Street.
cgv	what did we watch.
kid	a boy holding a bat and it started to hit.
cgv	what was he hitting with it.
kid	I don't know maybe a thing that was hanging from the ceiling from a rope.
cgv	I don't remember.
kid	um are you what are you gon (t)a make it out of.
cgv	your hot chocolate.
kid	no no what are you gon (t)a make that thing out of.
cgv	what am I gon (t)a make what.
kid	no what are you gon (t)a make the thing I saw on Sesame Street out of.
cgv	how can I make it if I don't know what you're talking about.
kid	you use a string.
cgv	you'll have to draw a picture of it before I make it.
kid	Mommy do you know what cocks are.
cgv	you told me that they're real fragile what else.
kid	yeah they eat dying birds.
cgv	they eat what.
kid	they eat dying birds.
cgv	oh does that make them strong.
kid	yeah they're really pretty strong hey this is really pretty hot I think some water in it.
cgv	I hope you don't cut anything with those scissors.
kid	like what.
cgv	like paper those are material scissors I don't want them to get dull.
kid	Mommy what is uh is this Indian thing made out of plastic.
cgv	uhhuh that's a tepee.
kid	is that a tepee that the Indians maded made] +ed] out of buffalo.
cgv	what part of the buffalo did they use.
kid	this part of buffalo this part of buffalo this part of buffalo.
cgv	they used a buffalo's fur and skin to break the wind so the inside of their tepee wouldn't get cold.
kid	when is this gon (t)a be all through.
cgv	when you're done eating it all what did Greggy eat for dinner.
kid	he eated supper not dinner.
cgv	oh what did he eat for supper.
kid	maybe mushrooms.
cgv	oh what was on Dr Suess.
kid	I don't know I didn't remember.
cgv	was The Cat in the Hat on.
kid	yeah he was at the end.
cgv	oh at the very end you saw him.
kid	yeah.
cgv	did he say anything.
kid	no.
cgv	were the monkeys on.
kid	did it have monkeys when we watched it.
cgv	did it.
kid	hunhunh it just had a big tree and trees and trees and forests and when the end was over it had horses.
cgv	oh.
kid	then after that a baby moonchin@c came out hey a giant then a giant story comed@n.
cgv	a story about a giant.
kid	yeah.
cgv	did he say fee_fi_fo_fum@n.
kid	no he was just a giant with a cane.
cgv	with a can.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	what did he use his cane on.
kid	I don't know on the grass.
cgv	did he use his cane to balance himself.
kid	yeah he was a really old man giant with some hair some hair.
cgv	where was his hair.
kid	on his head.
cgv	did he have a long beard too.
kid	no and it had a boy I don't know his name and the boy said +"/..
kid	+" who went to me mmm.
cgv	here do you want some more hot chocolate.
kid	no it's really hot.
cgv	it's cooled off by now.
kid	no it's still pretty hot.
cgv	what are you thinking about.
kid	nothin(g).
cgv	what was on your mind.
kid	nothin(g) (ex)cept I dreamed uh I thinked@n about something at Greggy's house.
cgv	what did you think about.
kid	I thinked@n about Alou@c.
cgv	Lou.
cgv	your friend.
kid	no Alou@c it means going to a river.
cgv	what kind of river is it.
kid	it's the name of a river and it flows really soft.
cgv	oh a real gentle river.
kid	uhhuh with canoes and big ships.
cgv	it's easy to canoe on a gentle river isn't it.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	when is it hard to canoe.
kid	when it gets snowy all over it.
cgv	snowy.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what about when the river's flowing real rapidly.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	what do the ships do in Alou@c.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	what do the canoes do.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	what do the canoes do.
kid	ships go near a canoe then they a big ship goes floating first then a canoe goes and finds fish and turtles.
cgv	oh what do they do with the turtles.
kid	they take em home and give them to people that put em in the water.
cgv	they have new homes.
kid	yeah no no no no so so a fish could look at them when it was nighttime.
cgv	so they'd have their friends there.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	who's in the canoe doing all that.
kid	I would be doing that.
cgv	you would.
kid	uhhuh I would be in maybe in yeah what is those.
kid	the picture I made you.
cgv	what would you use to catch the turtles.
kid	one of the fish nets.
cgv	you don't think the turtle would be too heavy.
kid	no a little thin turtle.
cgv	oh a baby one.
kid	yeah those kind of turtle.
cgv	how could you find one that's as small as a pinhead.
kid	no those kind of turtles are um malou@c that's the name of them those turtle's name and the river's name is malou@c.
cgv	I thought you said the river's name was Alou@c.
kid	Alou@c yeah I forgot.
cgv	the malous@c live in the Alou@c.
kid	yeah and and the cows come in that river too.
cgv	what do the cows do when they get there.
kid	they say +"/..
kid	+" wee wee what a fine place to swim.
cgv	who teaches the cows how to swim.
kid	they just know how to swim.
cgv	how do they do it.
kid	they do it they just do it I don't know how they do it.
cgv	do they kick and paddle.
kid	yeah with their legs see those pictures I made a long time ago those that chicken knows how to swim and that and that thing right next to uh uh right next to the picture is a hawk and that knows how to swim.
cgv	hawks do.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	remember when we went to Texas and saw all those hawks.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	where were they sitting.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	on top of telephone poles.
kid	I think so those kind of hawks are different they're animal hawks.
cgv	they aren't bird hawks.
kid	(ex)cept they have wings those kind of hawks have wings I'll show you hawks have some stripes see.
kid	those are the stripes some hawks have.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	and here's the nose hawks have those kind of nose.
cgv	they have big beaks.
kid	those kind of hawks are different.
cgv	different from what.
kid	uh chicken those those were hawks chicken hawks.
cgv	chicken hawks.
kid	uhhuh those were different mmm elephant mask.
cgv	I really like that elephant mask.
kid	we had a circus when it was through we had hot dogs and I didn't want a hot dog part.
cgv	what did you do then.
kid	I eated the bun.
cgv	just the bun.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	what did it taste like.
kid	I don't know maybe like bread and it had mustard on it.
cgv	mustard.
kid	uhhuh what's in here.
cgv	did you drink all your hot chocolate.
kid	no I don't want the rest open this I can't.
cgv	here I'll show you how.
kid	see Mommy know what.
kid	if I go somewhere with you and Daddy with this money I could buy you uh Mommy and Dad you and Daddy a drink for this one and I could buy a drink with this one.
cgv	oh Abe that would be so nice.
kid	is this how you do it.
cgv	you should probably use both hands pull it apart.
kid	Mommy tonight can we go to one of the stores.
cgv	no it's pretty late right now tomorrow we can ride our bikes to the store if it warms up.
kid	and get me a new purse.
cgv	no I don't think you need a new purse.
kid	yeah because my other one is getting so old.
cgv	what makes you think it's getting old.
kid	because it's all covered with black marks.
cgv	those are ink ink marks.
kid	I don't want em on there.
cgv	this is just the right size for you.
kid	look at this part.
cgv	what part.
cgv	oh it has one little rip.
kid	that's why I need a new one can I have a ride in my wagon.
cgv	do you want me to pull you.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy are cartoons on.
cgv	not tonight Abe.
cgv	have you and Daddy been watching cartoons.
kid	yeah last day when you were at work we did.
cgv	yesterday.
kid	yeah.
cgv	hey you're not supposed to throw books what are you making.
kid	one of these things.
cgv	look what shape did you make.
kid	a square a square Mommy can we play one of these things doesn't belong here.
cgv	okay go get some things and put em on here and sing the song and I'll guess the answer.
kid	okay one of these things is not like the others tell me which one is different do you know.
cgv	this one is different because it only has one block.
kid	yeah.
cgv	but this one is different because it has a colored block and these are all wooden which answer's right.
kid	all of these are puzzle shapes and this one's different.
cgv	because it's not a puzzle piece pretty clever.
kid	let's put it all together now.
cgv	go ahead.
kid	I don't know how.
cgv	that's a hard puzzle isn't it.
kid	yeah I need some help.
cgv	okay let's figure out the easiest way to do it.
kid	okay I can't put it all together all by myself.
cgv	put the large triangle in first.
kid	oh I know where it belongs there.
cgv	okay what shape is this.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	remember.
cgv	asymmetrical.
kid	oh where's the other one.
kid	move over I think I see the one no I can't find it.
cgv	well how can we find it.
kid	maybe it's under here.
cgv	look and see.
