participant	content
kid	what.
cgv	what do you want to do tomorrow morning.
kid	go to Al's.
cgv	what'll happen if we wake up and Daddy won't get up.
kid	we'll go to Al's by ourselves right Mom.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mommy where are the scissors.
kid	to make a badge on my army airplane.
cgv	are they in your tool box.
cgv	why do you want to put a badge on.
kid	just because army airplanes got em I like em that way too.
cgv	stars or badges.
kid	stars they're really stars I don't know where they are (be)cause they're pretty lost Daddy have I showed you my puzzle.
cgv	huh.
kid	have I showed you my puzzle.
cgv	not yet.
kid	well here it is.
cgv	wow.
kid	is it really a big Valentine.
cgv	yeah.
kid	Daddy where did you put your big scissors.
cgv	what do you need em for.
kid	to make a star for my army airplane.
cgv	why don't I just make one out of tape.
kid	huh.
kid	okay a small star.
cgv	Abe what would have happened if we went to Al's tomorrow morning and it was closed.
cgv	what would have happened then.
kid	we would just go to a store with with a badge on ourselves.
cgv	why would we do that.
kid	because badges are kind of good when you want to trick somebody.
cgv	how would that help us if Al's was closed.
kid	just pretend that we open the door and make ourselfs ourselves] some pancakes.
cgv	oh are you going to get pancakes.
kid	yeah or a knock on my head a knock on my head for breakfast that wouldn't be a good idea would it.
cgv	no where do you want this star.
kid	right here on both sides.
cgv	is this a friendly airplane or an enemy airplane.
kid	a enemy airplane because it gets people with its bombs and it gets trucks with its logs and it gets people with its points.
cgv	what kind of bombs does it have.
kid	these kind of bombs Momm can I show you how it shoots the bombs.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I got the logs.
cgv	you did.
kid	I do these kind of logs watch Mommy it goes like this.
cgv	what would happen if the logs drop on a truck.
kid	huh.
cgv	what would happen if the logs drop on a truck.
kid	that would be okay because I like it that way where did you put the people Dad.
kid	oh here.
cgv	what are you going to do with the people.
kid	those those aren't real people they're just pretend people the army's just a mean army so he's practicing getting people.
cgv	oh.
kid	he's getting pretend people Daddy do you want to see on the tail.
cgv	yeah hey pretty nice.
kid	see these.
cgv	uhhuh what do they do.
kid	the childs help the airplane.
cgv	the children do.
kid	yeah.
cgv	did you tell Daddy how many stores we went to before we found the toy.
kid	I don't know I covered the Robin Hood up so I couldn't see it Mommy do you know who's making those pretend people talking.
cgv	who is.
kid	me do you know there's some radios and some and some tricks of pretend man.
kid	and and radio and those things are moving and that's what's making em talk.
cgv	oh I think I'll put these up here.
kid	you would have to take them down later then.
cgv	I know.
kid	I know it's a army airplane I saw patches on it's tail Mommy how did you like that army's airplane fly.
cgv	he is really a good flier isn't he.
kid	sometimes he goes like this he gots@n control control Mommy this time I'm gon (t)a show you how this is gon (t)a go okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	sometimes the army's airplane shoots.
cgv	are those the bombs.
kid	yeah those are the bombs.
cgv	who makes the bombs.
kid	who makes the bombs go.
cgv	no who makes em.
kid	the airplane.
cgv	don't they have a factory where they make bombs.
kid	no Mommy this is how it's gon (t)a go now.
cgv	oh.
kid	I'll show you do you think the airplane liked that.
cgv	probably so.
kid	the bombs dropped they're going to kersplode@c too.
cgv	kerspolde@c or explode.
kid	huh.
cgv	kerspolde@c or explode.
kid	kersplode@c explode they're the same except the driver's alright Mommy do do you know these people are the targets.
cgv	why.
kid	because they keep being shotted@n but they're not real okay.
kid	I'm just pretending that the army airplane's doing that.
cgv	oh.
kid	and some missiles.
kid	awoh wow the army airplane is really shotting@n some pretend snake see.
kid	they sneak up.
cgv	who sneaks up.
kid	the snakes.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mommy Mommy do you know who loads em on here.
cgv	who.
kid	the same thing who makes the bombs.
cgv	oh.
kid	the airplane makes the bombs because because the because there's a invisible man in there when somebody walks he goes and surprises em +"/..
kid	+" yikes.
cgv	that would surprise me too.
kid	that wouldn't surprise me.
cgv	oh come on.
kid	no it wouldn't even if I saw him I wouldn't.
cgv	how could you see him if he's invisible.
kid	because I would got a telescope the invisible man you could see.
cgv	oh.
kid	he said +"/..
kid	+" yikes, there's a ghost in here.
cgv	hey let Daddy feel your tooth.
kid	okay [=! laughs] I bited [*] Daddy's finger with that tooth.
cgv	I'm gon (t)a get you and bite your butt.
kid	yikes that's the same thing that I'm gon (t)a do to him.
cgv	I wouldn't do that.
kid	why.
cgv	you might get pooped on.
kid	why.
kid	I'm gon (t)a poop on his nose.
cgv	Abe I'm going to try to ask you something.
kid	when.
cgv	right now what does it mean if something makes something else happen.
kid	that means it's go_go@c Mommy you stink too.
cgv	I know I need to take a bath.
kid	why don't we take it now while you're studying.
kid	you could do the same things one at a time.
cgv	why don't I study first and then we'll take a bath.
kid	okay.
cgv	do you want me to cut your hair tomorrow.
kid	no that wouldn't feel very good you know why.
cgv	how come.
kid	my hair would keep growing my army airplane gotted@n begainst@c the wall.
cgv	Abe do you want me to trim your hair or do you want it long.
kid	I want it long and have tangles in.
cgv	why.
cgv	tangles are painful.
kid	no they wouldn't they aren't painful because the only thing that's painful when when you comb my hair it's painful.
cgv	if your hair was short it wouldn't be painful.
kid	you're a pee+pee Mommy.
cgv	why.
kid	because you don't always go pee+pee.
cgv	what happens when I don't go pee+pee.
kid	you get the splatter in your pants what did you say.
cgv	I'm not going to repeat it.
kid	okay I'll repeat it for you what did you say.
kid	what did you say.
cgv	I thought you were going to repeat it for me.
kid	oh yeah you are splattering where's my Chop_wood.
kid	Daddy would you have saw Chop_wood.
cgv	nope can't you find him.
kid	no here he is Mom I'm already stuffed.
cgv	from what.
kid.	
cgv	why are you stuffed.
kid	because I ate all the bulbs.
cgv	the bulbs from what.
kid	the lightbulbs.
cgv	didn't they cut your mouth.
kid	no I ate em by the &eiling you know who's silly.
cgv	who.
kid	you I'm gon (t)a get you right now hey you lost that I'll study for you I'll write the words.
cgv	you can turn on the tv if you want to.
kid	why.
kid	I didn't want I didn't want to miss Mr Rogers.
cgv	you can still catch the tail end of it.
