participant	content
cgv	I won't see.
kid	yeah.
cgv	where did you get this bow and arrow.
kid	at the store at the store I got my gun.
cgv	where was that.
kid	that one by country club.
cgv	the toy store.
kid	yeah we went to big apples too.
cgv	big apple.
cgv	what did we get at Applebaums.
kid	stuff for our pizza.
cgv	right do you remember what you said to that boy who carried our bag out.
kid	yeah.
cgv	tell Daddy.
kid	Daddy do you know what I said to that boy who carried our bag out.
cgv	what did you say Abe.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" are you a Boy Scout.
kid	and he said +"/..
kid	+" oh no.
kid	and then he said +"/..
kid	+" I used to be.
cgv	he said he used to be a Boy Scout.
kid	yeah Daddy do you need to put this right here.
cgv	right you rest the arrow on your finger.
kid	I missed.
cgv	you're doing it right try again.
kid	(ex)cept I used to do it a little bit farther.
cgv	try it again.
kid	I hit the target Mom.
cgv	did you really.
kid	yeah can I do it again.
cgv	sure.
kid	I missed again.
cgv	well keep practicing you need to practice a lot watch.
kid	you didn't hit the target.
cgv	I tried see.
cgv	I need to practice too.
kid	I'm gon (t)a practice now I'm gon (t)a practice until I get really good.
cgv	good idea.
kid	don't try to hit me.
cgv	who's trying to hit you.
kid	you are I'm gon (t)a practice now.
cgv	okay.
cgv	Abe did you make cookies at school today.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	what kind were they.
kid	peanut butter cookies peanut butter banana cookies.
cgv	did you plant some more plants.
kid	no no plants.
cgv	did you plant sweet potatoes.
kid	I told you we didn't plant any plants.
cgv	oh did they make things with it.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	and what did you choose to do.
kid	I choosed to make cookies Mommy I'm hungry.
cgv	do you want to grate the cheese for me.
kid	huh.
cgv	do you want to grate the cheese for me.
kid	grate the cheese for me.
kid	you.
cgv	yeah.
kid	and eat it.
cgv	no just cut the cheese so I can put it on the pizza get the Monterey Jack.
kid	I can't find it.
cgv	get the pizza cheese.
kid	I see it.
cgv	do you want to cut it or grate it.
kid	grate it (ex)cept where is the grate thing.
cgv	show Dad how you take your sweatshirt off.
kid	Daddy look.
cgv	that's pretty good Abe.
kid	Daddy you're not watching.
cgv	let's see wow you're really working hard at it aren't you.
cgv	pretty good.
kid	Mommy hurry get the grates.
cgv	can you get it out while I do this.
kid	where is it.
cgv	it's underneath the sink.
kid	underneath the sink it's dark in here here it is.
cgv	oh it was in the sink.
kid	it was not it was on the dryer right here.
cgv	oh it was in the rack.
kid	Mom I know this is monkey cheese.
cgv	monkey cheese.
kid	I mean gorilla cheese.
cgv	what makes you think that.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	I thought it was pizza cheese.
kid	(ex)cept we call it monkey cheese.
cgv	here are you ready to grate for a while.
kid	for a lot of whiles okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	some is coming out don't don't do it.
cgv	you have to press a little harder tell me when your fingers are getting close.
kid	I'm getting close look Mommy that's all don't do any more I wan(t) (t)a do it.
cgv	I have some more for you to do.
kid	look at the designs I made.
cgv	yeah cheese is easy to make designs in isn't it.
kid	yeah that's all that's all look at the designs you made now look at the designs I made hey.
kid	some is spilling out.
cgv	that's okay we'll use it all I'll get the Parmesan cheese for you to do.
kid	Mommy.
cgv	what.
kid	it's almost full don't do it a lot.
cgv	I'll get you another plate for the Parmesan okay.
kid	okay hurry get the karmesan Parmesan].
cgv	Parmesan it's a p@l word.
kid	Parmesan Mommy what is this kind of plate.
cgv	it's a round plate.
kid	I think it's a square plate.
cgv	use this one to grate the Parmesan.
kid	I need the sharper side it's hard for cheese.
cgv	what Abe.
kid	it's sharper ones.
cgv	that cheese is hard to grate since it's so hard.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a do a softer cheese okay.
cgv	we've already done it all don't eat it all Abe you won't have any to put on your pizza oh you're eating the big ones.
kid	because I don't like the big ones to be on the pizza.
cgv	oh the small pieces melt when we cook the pizza so do big ones but small pieces are best.
kid	this one won't even melt it's too big.
cgv	it'll melt slowly that's for sure.
kid	Mommy you got one in where's Daddy.
cgv	in the bath+room why don't you go check on him.
kid	okay he won't open the door.
cgv	he's not very hospitable is he.
kid	no Mommy I'm all through.
cgv	good boy.
kid	is this all I need to eat.
cgv	you can eat it if you want.
kid	Dad you were pooping.
cgv	how do you know.
kid	you wouldn't open the door I comed@n back and told Mommy you weren't out here before I was so you must have been pooping when you poop you take a long time.
cgv	okay you proved your point.
kid	hey it's almost night.
cgv	how can you tell.
kid	because look outside it's starting to get dark what is this.
cgv	it's a bay leaf.
kid	can I put it on here.
cgv	no leave it there.
kid	why.
cgv	I'm gon (t)a save that sauce.
kid	what is that.
cgv	what does it look like.
kid	meat.
cgv	yeah our sausage that we got.
kid	is this for to put on the pizza.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I put some on Mommy can I have this now.
kid	can I have this now.
cgv	no Abe you're not going to eat any pizza if you keep that up.
kid	Mommy when is our pizza gon (t)a be ready.
cgv	about ten minutes.
kid	Mommy can I have ten cookies when when the pizza is all finished.
cgv	we don't have ten cookies.
kid	why.
cgv	because we're almost out of cookies.
kid	then I want to have ten candies.
cgv	no I'm afraid not.
kid	why.
cgv	I'd rather you had ten bites of pizza.
kid	I can't wait that long I'm starving why are you putting that away.
kid	why.
cgv	to get it out of the way will you help me.
kid	I don't want to is it ready now.
cgv	no ten minutes hasn't passed.
kid	come on ten is a lot.
cgv	do you want to eat raw dough.
kid	no.
cgv	then we have to wait.
kid	when did you get this out.
cgv	watch out that's really hot.
kid	is this ten.
kid	come on ten is a lot eleven and twelve and two and two and two and two makes ten is that pizza ready.
cgv	not yet.
kid	is it ten.
kid	ten minutes.
cgv	Abe I'll tell you when the time is up.
cgv	Abe what happened today.
kid	huh.
cgv	did you do anything exciting today.
kid	no is this tomorrow_day@n.
cgv	this is Monday tomorrow is Tuesday yesterday this was tomorrow.
cgv	Abe why don't you get down and play until the pizza's ready.
cgv	that way you won't be so aware of the time.
kid	okay I can play with with my blocks Mom I'm making lots of buildings can I look at the pizza.
cgv	yeah the oven's melting the cheese.
kid	that means it's done.
cgv	no not quite it's almost done.
kid	when I get to the end of my rope is it gon (t)a be ten.
cgv	look when this long hand gets between the one and the two that's when we'll eat.
kid	I can't see the one and the two.
cgv	they're on the very top Abe.
cgv	what are you making Abe.
kid	just making lots of buildings.
cgv	guess what's on tv +....
kid	what.
cgv	guess.
kid	Wild Kingdom.
cgv	no.
cgv	it begins with a s@l.
kid	Sesame Street.
cgv	right.
cgv	put up your blocks by the time you're done it'll be time to eat.
kid	is it ten.
cgv	uhhuh it's time to eat.
kid	(ex)cept the small hand's not pointing to the two.
cgv	the long hand's pointing between the one and two and the small hand's pointing to the five it's not ten o'clock but ten minutes have passed and the pizza is done.
kid	look I can pick up all these toys.
cgv	you're doing a good job.
