participant	content
cgv	oh no.
kid	this is a way you could protect yourself except I'll get you anyway.
cgv	oh no what can I do.
cgv	okay monster.
kid	I was holding on to this and it broke like this.
cgv	how did it break.
kid	me and Chris were playing and it broke.
cgv	okay.
kid	why are you fixing it.
cgv	do you want me to throw it away.
kid	no.
cgv	what are you doing.
kid	I'm hibernating.
cgv	what would happen if you really did hibernate.
kid	I really am hibernating look.
cgv	no what if you really hibernated until Spring.
kid	no then I would miss all the fun in snow building a snowman and going over a bump and going and and and making snow forts and do stuff and play by your hands and play Batman and Robin in the snow and pretend you got a cave Daddy can I do something with these scissors for a while.
cgv	what.
kid	I'm going to cut straight lines can can I just cut that part.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy can we take a bath later on.
kid	and use bubbles.
cgv	bubbles.
kid	yeah the bubbles will last forever and forever until we get out of the bath+tub.
cgv	forever until we get out of the bath+tub.
kid	yeah hey Daddy can I paint this.
cgv	can you what.
kid	paint this.
cgv	how are you going to paint it.
kid	it's got a little rip in it I'm going to put a little tape right here.
cgv	what.
kid	it had a little rip right here Dad put this right here when you're done.
cgv	okay could you cut this.
kid	like that.
cgv	yeah thanks.
kid	hey Daddy know what.
kid	I don't mean that I don't want you to paint it I want you to cut it.
cgv	do you want me to paint it.
kid	no Daddy this is gon (t)a be something for you.
cgv	good.
kid	it will say one no ten nine eight seven six five four three two one blast off.
kid	and it will go up for Mars Daddy how come you have to make that so long.
cgv	so it won't break again.
kid	is that a gun.
cgv	uhhuh you don't want your gun to break when you're out hunting wild elephants do you.
kid	no or when I'm hunting dragons the bullets will bounce off for sure and bounce off the trees and bounce off and go in and bounce off and go in and bounce off and go in and bounce off and go in and bounce off and go in and bounce off and go in and bounce off and go in Daddy sign your name on this okay.
cgv	I don't have anything to write with.
kid	why.
kid	this is yours.
cgv	mine.
kid	yeah you say +"/..
kid	+" ten nine eight seven six five four three two one.
kid	and it blasts off and you hang this on and and you see when little kids come to you you put your name on here and they'll come right next to your door and they'll say +"/..
kid	+" is this Stan's.
kid	okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	okay where's the pen.
kid	you can use this here's a pen here it is (ex)cept make sure your name is right here and it's small.
cgv	do you want me to write my name.
kid	yeah your name Stan.
cgv	okay there you go.
kid	is that a c@l.
cgv	no it's an s@l.
kid	yeah and a t@l and a a@l and a n@l.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Stan Daddy did you find did you find the number for Jason.
cgv	no we'll have to wait and see Jason Friday.
kid	well you could help me pick him up tonight and see if he wants to come here.
cgv	no I think we'll just wait until Friday okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	Abe.
kid	what.
cgv	what are you going to do when our baby comes.
kid	I'm going to learn how to do everything hey hey is this mine.
kid	it feels wet is it mine.
kid	it's wet.
cgv	what.
kid	this.
cgv	no that's mine.
kid	you mean this is mine.
kid	you mean that's yours and one of em's mine.
cgv	yep.
kid	Daddy can I play with my gun now.
cgv	what.
kid	can I play with my gun now.
cgv	sure.
kid	(ex)cept (ex)cept first can I tell you something.
cgv	sure.
kid	you know what.
kid	my Mom could put my cowboy boots on.
cgv	I don't think they'll fit me.
kid	I'll get em Daddy you should have sawed me I rolled and jumped and ended up like this.
cgv	wow.
kid	wasn't that hard.
cgv	did you hurt your head.
kid	no I didn't even hurt myself hey can you put my cowboy boots on me.
kid	okay.
kid	is that the right way.
cgv	yep.
kid	I didn't cross my arms Momma.
cgv	you crossed your arms.
kid	I didn't (ex)cept I didn't do it like that.
cgv	oh who told you to do it that way.
kid	me.
cgv	how come.
kid	I just did it can you help me get this one on.
cgv	okay.
kid	I wish you would fold this up I wish you would fold this up I wish you would fold this up.
cgv	okay okay there you go cowboy Abe.
kid	cowboy x@l that's what you mean right Mom.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	that's how cowboys always do it stick up your hands ceiling pow.
kid	Mommy you know what.
cgv	what.
kid	sometimes when cowboys fight with Indians they carry tomahawks and they go.
cgv	why do they make that noise.
kid	so so Indians will know that cowboys aren't Indians (ex)cept know what.
kid	sometimes the Indians all die sometimes Indians win.
cgv	what happened.
cgv	did you get an owie.
kid	nope I need those hangnails or something or those clippers.
cgv	no those are too sharp.
kid	Mommy I never get to do it Mommy what happened to your finger.
cgv	I cut it with the saw we need to put Vaseline on your fingers.
kid	Mommy I'll get it on me on my finger anyway where's your purse.
kid	where's your purse.
cgv	over there.
kid	I'm looking for it there's no sign of Vaseline hey this is Jason's Mommy I still can't find it Mommy it's nowhere.
cgv	it has to be somewhere.
kid	Mommy can I do my lips with that lipstick.
cgv	can you do what.
kid	sorry but I'll tell you I'll whisper it in your ear hi Dad.
cgv	hi Abe.
kid	if there's a movie on can you make popcorn Mom.
cgv	I'll make banana bread.
kid	okay I'll have some as soon as I tell you something.
cgv	tell me.
kid	I love you maybe I'll go see where you're going.
cgv	I'm going to the laundry room.
kid	why why did you leave this here Mom.
cgv	huh.
kid	this thing.
kid	Mommy what did you do.
kid	if you put it in the fridge you know what.
kid	then it'll get all icy do you want it all icy.
cgv	no.
kid	Mommy can I have a piece of candy.
cgv	one piece.
kid	okay Mommy do you remember heaven.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I do too (ex)cept I don't remember where it is.
cgv	I thought we decided it was in the sky.
kid	yeah (ex)cept I've never seen it I thought if we could take a shower tonight.
cgv	I think I'll take a bath.
kid	I'll take a bath with you.
cgv	would you.
kid	uhhuh (ex)cept (ex)cept Mommy could take a shower now.
cgv	she can.
kid	uhhuh since she gots@n her cast off.
cgv	that's right.
kid	for breakfast we gotted@n you know what we gotted@n for breakfast.
kid	a monster.
cgv	a what.
kid	do you know what I dreamed about.
kid	a ten foot monster and the ten foot monster got eaten by bats and the bats got eaten by alligators and the alligator got eaten by a lion and the lion got eaten by a hippo and the hippo gotted@n eated by a alligator right.
cgv	I guess.
kid	and then a rhinoceros comed@n and ate the hippo did I say a alligator ate the bats.
cgv	I can't remember.
kid	Daddy I don't want you to choke.
cgv	I'm not choking I'm just coughing.
kid	maybe you need something to drink hey Daddy did you wash that off.
cgv	not yet.
kid	I'm going to write my name on.
cgv	okay.
kid	Mommy I'm gon (t)a write my name I'm getting a little confused by this old pencil you know that old pencil.
kid	you know that old pencil.
