participant	content
cgv	nope I'm going to cut your bangs first and then we can ride our bikes to Tom Thumb together and you can use your little flag okay.
kid	yeah awoh we should go now.
cgv	let me cut your bangs first if you use your flag then you'll be safe from cars right.
kid	yeah when a car sees my flag they will say +"/..
kid	+" awoh we don't need to go.
kid	right.
cgv	right they'll know that that flag's a warning what else will they say.
kid	they will say they will say +"/..
kid	+" whoops we better not go that way there's a bike on on on the sidewalk.
cgv	yeah and maybe they would say <I wonder if that flag is brand new> ["] what would you say.
kid	I would say +"/..
kid	+" oh yes.
cgv	when did you get it.
kid	now.
cgv	uhhuh today.
kid	you need to cut your hair.
cgv	what part of it.
kid	this part.
cgv	my bangs.
kid	yeah who used to cut it when you were a little kid.
cgv	Ninny@f she used to take care of my hair.
kid	and she she told you all about hawks right.
cgv	no she didn't know about them.
kid	we could use this to make a silo for horses.
cgv	out of hair.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I don't see how that would work really.
kid	some hair fell on the floor.
cgv	I met a lady today who had read The Hobbit she knew all about Bilbo and Frodo.
kid	who is Frodo.
cgv	it's a story about little short people I'll have to read it to you sometime.
kid	and Daddy could read the the red books he got me the red books I have.
cgv	okay we're done I'll get some powder to put on your legs so the hair won't make them itch.
kid	I could just get em off I know that's baby powder.
cgv	I use it.
kid	(ex)cept you don't put it on mine a lot.
cgv	because you don't ask me to.
kid	you could put some on my back when I go to sleep.
cgv	that's a good idea that way you won't get a rash.
kid	Mommy this is a real neat thing I +/..
cgv	what is.
cgv	what do you call that.
kid	scrubbing.
cgv	you're scrubbing my leg with your foot.
kid	yeah Daddy I could scrub with my foot.
cgv	good deal.
cgv	would you scrub the floor for me if I got you some soap and water.
kid	if I can.
cgv	I was teasing.
kid	now are we going to Tom Thumb.
cgv	yep we need some milk.
kid	and look around at Tom Thumb okay.
cgv	we're not going to buy any toys okay.
kid	okay yesterday we goed@n to Tom Thumb and I got some binoculars so I could get something now right.
cgv	wrong.
cgv	Abe here's two pennies you can put these in your piggy+bank until you get a whole bunch of pennies and then you can go to Tom Thumb.
kid	and buy something right.
cgv	right so go ahead and put these in your penny bank.
kid	okay Mommy I can't open this I can't open this Mom I can't open this my penny bank.
cgv	I'll come help you.
kid	I never had these many pennies.
cgv	you're getting a lot alright is it cold out now.
cgv	do you think we ought to put on pants.
kid	I don't think so it was not very cold when I went out.
cgv	do you need your shoes on Abe.
kid	I don't think so come let's go do do I have a pocket.
cgv	uhhuh in the back.
kid	I'm thirsty I want a drink of water.
cgv	okay.
kid	look what I found Mommy did you find this when you were sweep clearing the house.
cgv	I sure did Abe.
kid	(ex)cept where was it.
cgv	it was under the table I think I'll just walk beside you while you ride your bike okay.
kid	how (a)bout you could ride my your bike.
cgv	you want me to ride my bike.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay I will.
kid	I need to write my name on it.
cgv	on your flag.
kid	yeah Daddy smells like butter popcorn.
cgv	huh.
cgv	what.
kid	Mommy that yeast smells like butter popcorn.
cgv	the yeast.
kid	yeah.
cgv	it might be the molasses.
kid	is that all the bread you could do.
cgv	yeah I just made half of a batch.
kid	if we have any ants in our house let's dig em off.
cgv	any what.
kid	if we have any ants in our house let's dig em off.
cgv	how are we going to dig em off.
kid	with my shovel.
cgv	dig em up or dig em up.
kid	dig em out with my shovel.
cgv	Abe I have to brush your hair and brush your teeth.
kid	and take my suitcase.
cgv	yeah you can't forget your suitcase.
kid	Ninny@f will like my suitcase that hurts you're brushing too hard I like the hawk meat I like the hawk meat of a chicken Ninny@f rhymes with penny.
cgv	uhhuh did you listen to the weather Stan.
cgv	no.
kid	it's going to be a nice day.
cgv	it is.
kid	yeah this is a new way to wash my hands.
cgv	how.
kid	you could take a bath then get out and then and then you could wash them with a rag.
cgv	gee that sounds a lot like a sponge bath.
kid	now are we going to go.
cgv	in just a few minutes.
kid	let's go now okay.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go now it's probably cold for going in your bare feet so we should wear shoes Mommy look what I found.
cgv	what.
cgv	your Robin Hood book.
cgv	Ninny@f will be glad to see that you can show her how you colored all the pictures.
kid	(ex)cept I didn't color this one very good I just know I colored the snake good I colored him good.
cgv	yeah.
kid	Sir Hiss Sir Hiss.
cgv	you remembered his name.
kid	Sir Hiss who did that.
kid	I don't like it.
cgv	who did what.
kid	who did hit me.
cgv	I don't know who did.
kid	you did I saw you did you know Big John fired the king's palace.
cgv	yeah.
kid	why did Big John fire the king's palace.
cgv	because he was trying to help his friend Robin Hood.
kid	Mommy I want to go now.
cgv	it's not time to go yet.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go outside and play until we go.
cgv	okay.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a play hunter I wan(t) (t)a play hunter.
cgv	okay that's a good idea.
kid	I'm gon (t)a play hunter I'm thirsty get me some milk.
cgv	there's some milk on the table.
kid	no get me some more milk in case I get real thirsty.
cgv	isn't that enough.
kid	I want bigger than this I want much than this part.
cgv	what.
kid	I want much than this part.
cgv	you want more.
kid	yeah more than that part.
cgv	okay here you go.
cgv	did you tell Daddy about your new trick.
cgv	the one on the table.
kid	I already showed him a few days ago.
cgv	what trick.
cgv	where he jumps from the hassock to the table.
cgv	oh yeah he's already shown me that.
kid	you ding+dong.
cgv	what.
kid	you ding+dong.
cgv	I'm going to ding you in the dong buddy.
kid	because because because the king was gone and Sir Hiss was gone and so when when and so when saw a fire and Sir Hiss came back and their palace was all burnt up right.
cgv	I don't remember that part.
kid	that's how the fired it Mommy where's my gun.
cgv	I don't know I showed it to you outside I don't know if you brought it in or not.
kid	I did too Daddy do you know where my gun is.
cgv	what's this.
kid	it's a gun only it isn't my gun.
cgv	where did you put your gun.
kid	outside (ex)cept Mommy found it (ex)cept I don't know where it is I want you to look for my gun.
