participant	content
kid	huh.
cgv	did you find my scissors.
kid	no I found my scissors they were on the table Mommy I found my scissors they were on the table they were on the table they were on the table.
cgv	oh I found mine what do you want to put on your poster Abe.
kid	I think a kite.
cgv	that's a good idea.
kid	is this a kite I made.
cgv	it looks like one.
kid	hey you can't cut on that one.
cgv	do you want to try and cut it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	hey that was pretty good.
kid	now I wan(t) (t)a cut on these lines.
cgv	okay what are you trying to make.
kid	a square.
cgv	do you think it's a square or a rectangle.
kid	a square.
cgv	why do you think it's a square.
kid	because they're all the same size.
cgv	are all the sides equal.
kid	yeah equal Mommy make me a poster now.
cgv	okay what kind of color do you want to use.
kid	pink.
cgv	do you want to glue everything onto the pink.
kid	no I don't wan(t) (t)a do that I wan(t) (t)a do it on this on this.
cgv	which one.
kid	on this.
cgv	on the pink right.
kid	is this pink.
cgv	yeah okay what do you want to put on your poster.
kid	I think a shape like that.
cgv	a shape similar to this.
kid	yeah (ex)cept don't do the biggest.
cgv	you can use your scissors to cut out some stuff.
kid	okay with this orange.
cgv	sure.
kid	what is orange.
cgv	what's orange.
kid	oranges are orange.
cgv	yeah.
kid	put it right there.
cgv	okay.
kid	(ex)cept see it comes off.
cgv	well it only comes off when you pull it off let the glue dry and it won't come off what else do you want to put on your poster.
kid	I don't know hey hey how (a)bout a real crocodile.
cgv	what color is a crocodile.
kid	I think they look like green.
cgv	okay.
kid	how long it will be through.
cgv	huh.
kid	how long it will be through.
cgv	I still have to cut out the legs how many legs does a crocodile have.
kid	five.
cgv	five.
kid	yeah.
cgv	how about four and one long tail.
kid	yeah sometimes crocodiles have really short tails.
cgv	what does this look like.
kid	a real crocodile is he climbing up.
kid	get a lot of glue on.
cgv	here you go.
kid	hey this comed@n off.
cgv	well let's put a little more glue on.
kid	Mommy sometimes crocodiles have their mouths open.
cgv	what are they trying to do when their mouths are open.
kid	they are trying to bite someone make you Mommy make you Mommy make you Mommy.
cgv	make me.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay what color should I be.
kid	white because you're white.
cgv	I know what I'll make a face and you can draw the eyes nose and mouth.
kid	I can't make eyes I can't make eyes is this a eye.
cgv	no that's the head.
kid	how can I make eyes.
cgv	here you can use this.
kid	Mommy make a circle I can't.
cgv	make a circle out of what.
kid	out of eyes.
cgv	out of paper.
kid	yeah a circle out of paper is that head on right up here.
kid	this crocodile is gon (t)a bite your head.
cgv	oh no.
kid	and then I would come and cut him his head then I would come and cut his head.
cgv	what do you think he would say.
kid	he'd say ouchie ["] and run away.
cgv	oh and I'd say +"/..
cgv	+" Abe you rescued me.
kid	know what else.
kid	I'd get him in a net and I and I tooked took] +ed] him to fishersay@c.
cgv	oh what did the fisherman say.
kid	no no fishersay@c fishersay@c fishersay@c is where mean crocodiles bite your fingers and your heads and that was where fishersay@c is.
cgv	is it a hospital.
kid	no it's a it's a animal cage man and that's where animals come when they're naughty.
cgv	oh I'm glad that you took the mean alligator there maybe he'll learn some manners.
kid	sometimes he does.
cgv	will you teach him how to be nice.
kid	yeah I'm a zoo+keeper is this where your eyes go.
cgv	yeah.
kid	see he bites heads he's a mean alligator I'm gon (t)a get him with this hook fishersay@c says to get mean alligators with this hook.
cgv	hey let me see what's on your bottom look this says slugger where did you get this.
kid	it was on mine bat.
cgv	why'd you put it on your bottom.
kid	because you're the biggest stinker in the whole world.
cgv	you think that I'm a stinker.
cgv	oh no.
kid	I'm sorry I said that.
cgv	I was just pretending that I was crying.
kid	Daddy you take twenty seven eight when you comed@n out.
cgv	what.
kid	you taked twenty seven eight to come out of the bath+room.
cgv	I took a long time.
kid	yeah you taked twenty seven eight I came out shorter than you.
cgv	sooner than me.
kid	yeah I came out before you did.
cgv	well I had some unfinished business to take care of.
cgv	did you tell Daddy what we almost got at K_Mart today.
kid	uhuh.
cgv	do you remember.
kid	a net.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	(ex)cept I didn't want it I wanted a bat and baseballs hey this needs a body.
cgv	oh you need a body on that what color should the body be.
kid	is this gon (t)a be a octopus.
kid	is that a octopus I made.
cgv	it sure looks similar to one.
kid	huh.
cgv	I guess it could be a octopus if that's what you want it to be.
kid	is that a octopus body.
kid	is that a octopus body.
cgv	no what kind of body is that.
kid	I don't know I wan(t) (t)a cut it I wan(t) (t)a make a octopus body Daddy know what.
cgv	hmm.
kid	know what kind of cookies those were we made today when Greggy and Andy came over.
cgv	do you mean yesterday.
kid	yeah they were crisscross cookies.
cgv	crisscross.
kid	yeah Mommy said they were.
cgv	oh they must have been crisscross cookies then Mommy wouldn't lie.
kid	Mommy Peter has a baseball bat.
cgv	who does.
kid	Peter does.
cgv	have you played with it before.
kid	yeah when I goed@n there.
cgv	when you were at his house.
kid	yeah I'm trying to slide down this.
cgv	like a fireman slides down his pole.
kid	yeah.
cgv	Abe what did you do today.
kid	huh.
cgv	what did you do today.
kid	I played ball all day.
cgv	oh.
kid	hey this is closed.
cgv	go ahead and open it.
kid	I can't not.
cgv	what.
kid	I can't open it you open it okay.
cgv	okay here you go.
kid	you know what.
kid	last day I sleeped a long time.
cgv	yesterday.
kid	yeah so I didn't have to go to bed real early last night.
cgv	oh you slept a long time yesterday afternoon so you wouldn't have to go to bed early last night.
kid	yeah.
cgv	did you take a long nap today.
kid	yeah so I won't have to go to bed early tonight right.
cgv	right you can stay up if you want to.
kid	how long.
cgv	I don't know until you start getting tired how's that.
kid	let's play baseball okay.
cgv	okay here I'll throw the ball and you hit it o:h almost.
kid	you were catching.
cgv	what.
kid	you were catching not balling.
cgv	I was catching.
kid	yeah.
cgv	do you mean pitching.
kid	yeah pitching.
cgv	wow.
cgv	what a hit.
kid	they call me slugger.
cgv	why do they call you slugger.
kid	because I slug everything.
cgv	okay here I'm going to work on the dishes for awhile.
kid	no I wan(t) (t)a play baseball first okay.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a play baseball before you do dishes.
cgv	here I'll play with you Abe.
cgv	no I will there that was pretty good.
kid	let's do it one more time okay.
cgv	okay whoops.
kid	let's do it one more time one more time okay.
cgv	ask Mom.
kid	can we do it Mom.
cgv	yeah let me get my sewing machine put away.
cgv	when did you get that baseball bat Abe.
kid	I don't know hey when did I get this baseball bat Mom.
cgv	when do you think you got it.
kid	now I think I got it now.
cgv	today this afternoon right.
kid	yeah at K_Mart.
cgv	ready.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay wow.
kid	Dad you should have seen that.
cgv	did you hit it a long way.
kid	yeah let's do that again Mom get your ball Mom get your ball Mom get your ball Mom.
cgv	okay here you go whoops.
cgv	you almost got it.
kid	Mommy let's do it one more time.
cgv	we're going to make ice cream what sort of ice cream would you like.
kid	chocolate I wan(t) (t)a make chocolate.
cgv	you do.
kid	yeah Mommy let's play baseball one more time hey get your ball Daddy get your ball and let's play baseball hey here's the one you got.
cgv	okay you ready.
kid	yeah.
cgv	good one.
kid	let's do it again let's do it again let's do it again I want some milk I want some milk I want some milk.
cgv	okay here you go.
kid	here you hold all the balls you were holding okay Mommy.
kid	and Daddy you hold the balls you were holding these are the balls you were holding hey I wan(t) (t)a look at that hey I wan(t) (t)a be a slugger again.
cgv	okay ready.
kid	yeah.
cgv	every one that you hit back I'll throw to you again okay.
kid	yeah every one I don't hit back are you going to throw it again.
cgv	no so you better be real careful awoh you missed that one.
cgv	you should be wearing your baseball hat.
kid	oy don't throw it yet okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	here it is okay I'm ready.
cgv	okay you missed again.
kid	don't you see.
kid	Momma let's do it again I got two balls.
cgv	huh.
kid	I got two balls.
cgv	oh.
kid	hey Mommy I got three balls.
cgv	that's right there were three balls where's the other one.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	let's look.
kid	hey let's go get Yuppy she's real lonely.
cgv	I don't know if Renee's home Abe.
kid	hey here's my other ball I wan(t) (t)a look at the dying book okay.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a look at the dying book.
cgv	what.
cgv	the bible.
cgv	oh Abe I have to go to the store now do you wan(t) (t)a go with me.
cgv	you can look at that book later.
kid	okay I will go with you Daddy what happens when you wake up after you're dead.
cgv	I don't know Abe what do you think happens.
kid	you start growing again right.
cgv	maybe if you wake up after you're dead I'm just not sure what happens I'm gon (t)a go now are you gon (t)a come with me.
kid	I guess so.
cgv	get your coat.
kid	okay Mommy you're gon (t)a stay here all by yourself.
cgv	oh I'm gon (t)a be so lonely.
kid	no Lovey would be here with you.
cgv	oh that's good news.
