participant	content
kid	shredded wheat and toast and and I want on my shredded wheat honey and I want on my toast jelly.
cgv	okay which one do you want first.
kid	toast Dad one flower's dying.
cgv	which one.
kid	it's it's on you you need to sit on on a chair to see it it's this one.
cgv	huh.
kid	this one how come it's dying.
cgv	(be)cause we picked it and flowers die after you pick em.
kid	it broke.
cgv	what.
kid	I was pretending this was a swing and it broke I'm thirsty.
cgv	do you want some milk.
kid	hot chocolate I haven't drinked hot chocolate in a long time.
cgv	it's too hot for hot chocolate how (a)bout milk.
kid	okay.
cgv	do you want toast first.
kid	yeah I want it with jelly Daddy how can you tell the one the one in that bowl turned into a pupae.
cgv	how can I tell.
kid	yeah.
cgv	(be)cause I can see the pupae.
kid	bring it over here.
cgv	look look.
kid	what.
kid	what.
kid	a new butterfly.
cgv	wow.
kid	could I touch him.
cgv	yeah.
kid	Dad he sure has sharp feet he doesn't have very sharp wings hey where's my toast.
cgv	I'm getting it.
kid	I want my shredded wheat too Daddy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	take a picture when we let him go.
cgv	okay.
kid	how did you know the cate(r)pillar didn't die.
cgv	(be)cause I saw the pupae would he have made a pupae if he would have died.
kid	no he would have smelled really bad if he died and then Mommy would have throwed him away.
cgv	that's right.
kid	I think he's licking I think he wants to lick my fingers Dad he's trying to get his testicles out.
cgv	huh.
kid	he's trying to get his testicles out.
cgv	what are his testicles.
kid	it's on his face Daddy when when I put him on onto my finger he doesn't fly.
cgv	he can't fly in that bowl it's too small.
kid	he needs a jar.
kid	he needs a jar.
cgv	no he needs to be outside we'll have to let him go.
kid	after breakfast okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	Dad Dad look this thing could move if you put it on here.
cgv	why does it do that.
kid	because it's a magic it's a magic this is a magic this is a magic thing Daddy Daddy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	there's poop in there (ex)cept (ex)cept what is this kind of butterfly.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	is this the one you like.
cgv	yeah I like it.
kid	how come you put some holes in here.
cgv	so it could have air.
kid	what if you put little holes in here.
cgv	I did put little holes.
kid	come on this side my butterfly likes me Daddy.
cgv	what's his name.
kid	I don't know I think his name I think his name when he comed@n out of a pupae was uh I forget I just forget I just forget Dad.
cgv	okay do butterflies have to have names.
kid	no heads have to have names.
cgv	what.
kid	heads have to have names.
cgv	heads.
kid	yeah the top of heads.
cgv	oh just the top of your head is called Abe.
kid	yeah Daddy you should have didn't go to school yesterday.
cgv	huh.
kid	you should have didn't go to school yesterday.
cgv	why not.
kid	(be)cause then you could have goed@n to the show with Mommy and me.
cgv	oh did you like that show.
kid	uhhuh Daddy do you want to see him rest on on on my hand.
kid	huh.
cgv	what.
kid	do you want to see my butterfly rest on my hand.
cgv	sure.
kid	take this off.
cgv	no we can't take that off until we're ready to let him go.
kid	how could he rest on my hand then.
cgv	after we're done eating we'll take it off and let him go.
kid	okay take a picture too.
cgv	I will were you surprised to see that butterfly.
kid	I didn't know what was in the butterfly.
cgv	huh.
kid	I didn't know what was in the butterfly is this the way you make this puzzle.
kid	is this the way.
cgv	I don't know how to make that puzzle.
kid	I put some onto here and it falls down then I put one mores more] one on and it says help and I put one more on and it says help.
kid	this butterfly doesn't have sharp wings this butterfly doesn't have sharp wings this butterfly doesn't have sharp wings.
kid	hi Chris.
kid	not now I'm being babysitted@n.
kid	he's babysitting me I will come out in a short while this toast doesn't taste very good.
cgv	how come.
kid	it tastes sort o(f) like walnuts.
cgv	like walnuts.
kid	yeah Daddy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	who's that in playing.
kid	can we put any of this string on.
cgv	that airplane.
kid	yeah.
cgv	why do you want it on far.
kid	so I can hold it.
cgv	how long should it be.
kid	as long as I could put high this long high as the sky Daddy what if we used all the string.
cgv	no.
kid	what if we wanted to go up in the sky and what if we used all the string and Mommy didn't didn't have any string.
cgv	I bet Mommy would be angry.
kid	what if we carried Momma too.
cgv	carried her where.
kid	carried her up to the sky what if we took all our string.
kid	then it would go up to the sky whoops take off for Mars.
cgv	what do you think the butterflies going to do when we turn him loose.
kid	he will say +"/..
kid	+" oh yeah I like this cold air.
kid	since this toast tastes like walnuts I'm not gon (t)a eat it Daddy I can't get up.
cgv	try a different way.
kid	okay since that toast tastes like walnuts I'm not gon (t)a eat it.
cgv	does it taste like walnuts.
kid	yeah.
cgv	where are you going.
kid	outside.
cgv	why.
kid	to play.
cgv	don't you want to turn the butterfly loose.
kid	yeah I want to now.
cgv	maybe you should go show it to Mommy first.
kid	okay could I pick it up.
cgv	yeah do you want some shredded wheat with honey.
kid	yeah hello hi Daddy Dad did you hear me from here.
kid	did you hear me from here.
kid	hi hi I love you Daddy I like to get you kisses Daddy.
cgv	do you want to give me a kiss now.
kid	I think later on I will was that a funny talk.
cgv	no that was beautiful.
kid	oh but not a beautiful talk it was an angry talk angry talk angry talk angry talk angry talk Dad look this could make designs on the table.
cgv	yeah.
kid	how can this make designs on the table.
cgv	huh.
kid	how can that make designs on the table.
cgv	how can it.
kid	yeah how.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	hi Mailman.
kid	I've been talking to my Dad.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	you sure are a good butterfly raiser Abe.
kid	are you.
cgv	I'm alright but you're really good.
kid	Dad sometimes I'm gon (t)a bring some time when we go camping I'm gon (t)a bring my lantern and my canteen and even my flashlight.
cgv	wow.
kid	and when it gets dark I'm gon (t)a use my lantern and my flashlight at the same at the same at the same at the same.
cgv	how come.
kid	because Daddy.
cgv	yes Abe.
kid	you know Jason can't play with hey look this is a funny shredded wheat.
cgv	how come.
kid	a moon one.
cgv	it is shaped like a moon isn't it.
kid	rock_a_bye baby on the tree top I'm rocking by myself.
cgv	what.
kid	I'm rocking by myself can you get me some milk please.
cgv	I'll try what would have happened if that butterfly would have sat on your nose.
kid	then what if he sat on my head.
cgv	what would you have done then.
kid	I would be not angry I would be happy.
cgv	you would.
kid	yeah did we have any more milk in there.
kid	did we have any more milk in there.
cgv	no.
kid	I need to go poo+poo save my milk if it gets warm.
cgv	I will.
kid	when I'm through pooping could I get Mom a kiss.
cgv	do you want to.
kid	yeah.
cgv	sure.
kid	I bet Mom would like that.
cgv	I bet she would.
kid.	
cgv	huh.
kid	I said for Christmas I will get Mom a (sur)prise.
cgv	oh.
kid	like a kiss.
