participant	content
kid	I did it see circles I draw picture Mom.
cgv	that's right huh.
kid	see the picture.
cgv	uhhuh go get some more paper.
kid	this ice is cold Mom that food store is closed.
cgv	uhhuh we'll go to another store as soon as we're done here.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go to the grocery store.
cgv	you wan(t) (t)a go to the grocery store.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	or would you like to stay home with Dad.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go to the grocery store Mom this goes in here I do like defrost the freezer Mom I do like defrost the freezer Mom.
cgv	you do like to.
kid	uhhuh I want I know what good ice what goes in there Mom.
cgv	where.
kid	in in in in the freezer what goes in the freezer.
kid	what goes in there.
cgv	all our frozen food goes in there.
cgv	what are you doing Abe.
kid	Mom I'm hungry.
cgv	you know why.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	because you didn't eat soup with Mom and Dad.
kid	dirty this is dirty.
cgv	go ahead and throw it in the sink.
kid	okay let's put it in this in that bowl I wan(t) (t)a put this Mom I wan(t) (t)a put this in Mommy.
cgv	in where.
kid	in here Mom in here.
cgv	in where.
kid	in here Mom here.
kid	this.
kid	in there.
cgv	in the freezer.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a put this in in the in the freezer I wan(t) (t)a put this in the freezer I wan(t) (t)a put this in in the in the place the kitty cat goes.
cgv	the place where the kitty cat goes.
kid	my pillow.
kid	my pillow and mine choo+choo train mine pillow and mine choo+choo train Mom get that pillow right now Mom.
cgv	just a second.
kid	no wait get it now.
cgv	I will when I'm done with this.
kid	Mom I wan(t) (t)a I wan(t) (t)a put this in in the freezer Mom.
cgv	you do.
kid	kitty cat and pillow go okay Mom.
cgv	ask Daddy okay.
cgv	come here and I'll help you.
kid	where is it.
kid	where is that pillow.
kid	where that choo+choo train go.
cgv	where'd they go.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	where that choo+choo train goes.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	get it.
cgv	get it.
kid	this goes in this.
cgv	you want to help me.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	okay you can help Daddy put his books in the box.
kid	put books in the box put books in the box alright.
cgv	okay just a second and I'll tell you what to do.
kid	in here.
cgv	you give me some books and I'll put them in the box okay.
kid	okay now let me put them in.
cgv	okay just a second I want to write my name in those books okay.
kid	okay and you give you give them back to me.
cgv	okay I'll give them back to you as soon as I'm done writing my name okay.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	okay.
kid	okay okay okay okay okay okay I didn't write you didn't write your that doesn't got Dad.
cgv	just a second.
kid	wan(t) (t)a put that in I wan(t) (t)a put that in.
cgv	okay you put this in.
kid	I'm gon (t)a put this in.
cgv	okay.
kid	books in here Dad.
cgv	okay here's some more books to put in there.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a get a tiny ones in I put here a tiny ones in Dad.
cgv	okay Abe that's really nice packing here Abe.
kid	Dad I can't put those in put this in Dad.
cgv	you want me to help you.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	okay just a second okay let's see this one goes like this see and this.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a put that in.
cgv	what.
cgv	this one.
cgv	okay.
kid	you you you put it in.
kid	you did put it in.
kid	I didn't.
cgv	you didn't.
cgv	okay you can put this one in go get me some more books go get some okay wait don't put them in yet I have to put my name on them.
kid	I want in.
cgv	okay how about putting some of those in.
cgv	put this one in.
kid	okay.
cgv	are there any more over there.
kid	uhhuh let me put it in let me.
cgv	okay let me write my name on it.
kid	okay.
cgv	is there any more back there.
kid	here's another one.
cgv	okay give it to me and I'll write my name on it then I'll give it back to you okay.
kid	okay don't put those in.
kid	those are Mr Munster books.
kid	pony boy pony boy pony boy I wan(t) (t)a put those in they are falling Dad in there right this one is falling over I wan(t) (t)a I wan(t) (t)a put this in Dad this is oh you already did.
cgv	uhhuh I already did.
kid	how about in here.
cgv	go ahead and put it in.
kid	you draw this one.
cgv	yep.
kid	oh I can't put this in Dad.
cgv	okay I'll fix it that's okay.
kid	you already draw that one.
cgv	yep.
kid	thank you this one go in here this one go in here here one got one put it on here.
cgv	thank you here's some to put in.
kid	thank you another one in here.
cgv	what.
kid	another one in here.
cgv	go ahead.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a put those books.
cgv	you wan(t) (t)a come to the food store with Mommy Abe.
kid	I no wan(t) (t)a go food store.
cgv	you don't want to.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	you do want to.
kid	bye Daddy I'm gon (t)a go food store.
cgv	goodbye Abe have a good time.
kid	Mom I wan(t) (t)a cracker Mom please I have a cracker Mom.
kid	please I have a cracker.
kid	no.
kid	I don't like this Mom.
cgv	go ahead and eat it.
kid	I want two please Mom I want two please two please.
cgv	here you go.
kid	thank you Momma don't do that I wan(t) (t)a go Mom.
cgv	goodbye Mom goodbye Abe back from the grocery store.
kid	milk.
cgv	I gave you milk and you didn't want it.
kid	I want it now.
cgv	well you'll have to wait until I'm done with this.
kid	my milk Mom get that Mom get that that thing is didn't got a part for it.
cgv	thank you.
kid	Mommy what's that Mom.
cgv	turkey burger.
kid	oh turkey burger uhhuh that turkey burger right Mom that turkey burger what goes in it Mom.
cgv	huh.
kid	we get it at the food store.
cgv	we sure did.
kid	we get some more Mom.
cgv	yeah when we're through eating this we'll go get some more.
kid	Momma I want my milk.
cgv	you'll have to wait until I'm done Abe.
cgv	Abe I'll get it for you okay.
kid	get it okay.
