participant	content
cgv	I put it on the bookcase on the top shelf with your books.
kid	with the books on here.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	hey look what I found a snake book.
cgv	oh you'll like to look at that.
kid	it's a rattlesnake Mom it's a rattlesnake.
cgv	is it.
kid	yeah because look at the rattle see the rattle Mom.
cgv	yeah.
kid	boy rattlesnake killers are going to kill rattlesnakes Mommy look at the bones of these snakes.
cgv	those are their skeletons.
kid	Mom look at this baby snake.
cgv	is it a baby.
kid	yeah there's this baby this is a big snake and this is a baby snake see this baby snake.
cgv	yeah.
kid	Mom look what I found another rattlesnake and some tomatoes there are some tomatoes and some more tomatoes Mom look at this.
cgv	yeah what's that a map of.
kid	Texas.
cgv	yeah.
kid	and Mommy you know this is a rattlesnake.
cgv	yeah there's lots of rattlesnakes in Texas.
kid	(ex)cept where can you see rattlesnakes that live in Texas.
cgv	in the rocky desert part.
kid	look at this snake Mom look at this these snakes Mom look at these snakes.
cgv	yeah those are pretty.
kid	what are these kind of snakes.
cgv	coral snakes.
kid	Mom look what I found.
cgv	what did you find this time.
kid	this picture.
cgv	a snake+bite kit.
cgv	what are you looking at Abe.
kid	just a book Mommy what's wrong with this guy.
cgv	he got bitten by a snake he didn't get to the hospital in time.
kid	(ex)cept he did now.
cgv	yeah now he's at the hospital so the doctors can cure him.
kid	(ex)cept do the doctors have a snake+bite kit.
cgv	yeah they have a lot of things at the hospital.
kid	do rattlesnakes have lots of teeth.
cgv	they have two fangs to protect themselves.
kid	do you know mean hawks eat all of the mean rattlesnakes up.
kid	and the rattlesnakes are real fast and so hawks are fast so so mean hawks just run like that fast.
cgv	oh.
kid	they knock the rattlesnakes dead that's the way that they get rattle snakes dead.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mom look what's on this page look what's on this.
cgv	that's a snake+bite kit.
kid	Mommy what's this.
cgv	that's a razor+blade see there's one in ours too.
kid	when you use that part you just take it off.
cgv	remember don't look at our snake+bite kit unless Daddy or I am with with you.
kid	if if if you're not here um if you're at work or school and Daddy is at school too then somebody will babysit me right.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	and I'm gon (t)a tell someone that that person that will babysit me if you're at work or at school I'm gon (t)a tell em I got a snake+bite kit Mom could you read about that.
cgv	the snake+bite kit.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I've already explained it to you.
kid	no read it to me could you read it to me.
kid	read it all back again read it all over again Mommy let's make let's make a butterfly net.
cgv	did you find make Do.
kid	yeah I did too.
cgv	what are you going to make.
kid	a butterfly net.
cgv	oh.
cgv	I'm not sure I have any netting.
kid	you do too when you make me a butterfly not then I could catch a butterfly while you work in the garden.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mom look what I you found a circus a zoo.
cgv	it's a different zoo than we have isn't it.
kid	that's the same zoo.
cgv	as what.
kid	as turtle as snail as crabs as lions as elephants as monkeys as birds turtles.
cgv	where do you see all these animals.
kid	at the zoo.
cgv	it's different from the Como zoo you have a ship like that too don't you.
kid	yeah (ex)cept what is this kind of ship.
cgv	I think that's a tanker.
kid	there's footprints and there's footprints what is this.
cgv	it's in other.
kid	otter this is a big footprint and this is a big footprint maybe this is a ostrich footprint I bet we could make this I bet we could make this Mom.
cgv	that boomerang.
kid	uhhuh Mommy I want to do this okay.
kid	I want to make this.
cgv	do we have two straight narrow sticks like that.
kid	I think so.
cgv	where at.
kid	I guess in the closet.
cgv	do you have any.
kid	I think so do you.
cgv	I don't think so but if we find some popsicle sticks we can make it.
kid	I want to make this I want to make this now.
cgv	we don't have any sticks.
kid	I thought we could make this this this this this this this this this and even this I wan(t) (t)a make this Mommy what are you gon (t)a do.
kid	what are you gon (t)a do now.
cgv	just look at this.
kid	but how how are you gon (t)a why are you going to look at that.
cgv	to see what was on.
kid	on about what.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a make this I wan(t) (t)a make this.
cgv	we don't have the materials Abe we don't have two popsicle sticks.
kid	let's go out and look for them.
cgv	it's raining.
kid	let's go outside.
cgv	it's wet out there.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a look out and see if it's raining I don't see any rain.
cgv	I see a lot of rain.
kid	I don't see any rain because look outside.
cgv	I think you're loony.
kid	you are loony too and even you're a poopy let's play wrestle until it stops raining.
cgv	I found one popsicle stick Abe.
kid	break it in half.
cgv	that's a good idea but I don't think it would be long enough.
kid	then find another one let's use these.
cgv	those aren't flat.
kid	let's put our let's put our let's put our rain+jackets on and then we could go out and look for popsicle sticks.
cgv	we will later on.
kid	let's do it now.
cgv	do you want to get dressed now.
kid	and go outside and do what.
kid	and go outside for what.
cgv	not to go outside just to get dressed.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a make that thing I wanted to make.
cgv	here I know what we can make.
kid	what.
cgv	it's so neat I don't know if we should make it or not.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a make it.
cgv	okay.
kid	what are we going to make.
cgv	you'll see.
kid	what is that.
kid	just a paper maybe that will be a pop thing pop goes the weasel pop goes the weasel pop goes the weasel.
cgv	Stan would you like some orange juice.
cgv	nope.
kid	I want some orange juice.
cgv	here you go Abe.
kid	what is it.
cgv	look at it and see if you can decide.
kid	let's make a really fun thing let's make something you could hike with okay.
cgv	what.
kid	let's make something you could hike with.
cgv	what would that be.
kid	that would be like it would be a carrier.
cgv	a what.
kid	a carrier I want a carrier you make a carrier a carrier for me a carrier what are you making Dad.
kid	a carrier.
cgv	yeah.
kid	(ex)cept how can it be a carrier.
cgv	what do you mean how can it be a carrier.
kid	it can be a carrier.
cgv	it sure can.
kid	like a monkey it will be funny paper I want orange juice I want orange juice I want orange juice I want orange juice I want orange juice.
cgv	come and get it.
kid	get it to me get it to me.
cgv	here it is.
kid	get it to me get it to me all look what I found look what I found look what I found under the chair Mommy.
cgv	what did you find.
kid	I can't tell you what it is look look Mom.
cgv	what is that Abe.
kid	a rock.
cgv	oh.
kid	is my carrier all finished.
kid	hey Daddy is my carrier all finished yet.
cgv	nope.
kid	how come.
kid	do you need to do this part.
kid	you need to do this part.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	oh Mom look at this thing it's so tiny Mom look at this what I found.
cgv	it's pretty Abe.
kid	Mom look at this little thing look at this little thing.
cgv	that's nice too Abe.
kid	Mommy this these snakes won't hurt us Mom these snakes won't hurt us.
cgv	those are very poisonous those are coral snakes.
kid	do they eat.
cgv	they bite and the poison goes through your system then you have to use your snake+bite kit.
kid	Daddy could you read this to me.
cgv	what.
kid	when you're through making that could you read this to me.
cgv	sure.
kid	that almost hurt me that hurt me.
cgv	it did.
kid	this one did but this one didn't can you read this to me when you're through making that.
cgv	okay here you go Abe.
kid	okay get it to me is it all finished.
kid	get it to me now.
cgv	here.
kid	hey Mommy look what Daddy made me it's a carrier I'm not sure I'm trying to figure out how to how I could put it on my back.
cgv	oh let's make some straps.
kid	make two straps two straps that will be a back+pack.
cgv	it sure will here you go like so.
kid	(ex)cept why do you say +"/..
kid	+" like so.
cgv	oh because that's how it works.
kid	like so.
kid	that's how it works.
kid	okay so okay so.
