participant	content
cgv	you can't have any right now you've got diarrhea and I don't think you should eat any more candy.
kid	now I don't.
cgv	I know but we have to wait until tomorrow to see if your poo+poo gets hard again.
kid	you gon (t)a turn the tv on.
cgv	not right now I will in a little while okay.
kid	I'm ready to watch tv now.
cgv	what do you wan(t) (t)a watch.
kid	um um I don't know.
cgv	well if you don't know what are we going to watch.
kid	I I remember a policeman.
cgv	you remember a policeman.
kid	a policeman was on.
cgv	oh you remember when a show with a policeman was on.
kid	yeah.
cgv	do you like that kind of show.
kid	yeah I need some more.
cgv	some more what.
cgv	juice.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that's okay isn't it Mom.
cgv	yeah I think so.
cgv	get in your chair and I'll get you some juice.
kid	I falled@n down I wan(t) (t)a have this.
cgv	you want to sit in that chair.
kid	yeah I got in this chair.
cgv	okay that's a lot of juice isn't it.
cgv	are you going to be able to drink all that.
kid	I can drink a lot of juice.
cgv	you can drink a lot of juice.
kid	yeah I like juice.
cgv	would you like some pumpkin seeds.
cgv	you little pumpkin head.
kid	I'm not a pumpkin head.
cgv	I thought for sure you were.
kid	let's change sides.
cgv	what.
kid	let's change chairs.
cgv	we're okay right where we are would you like to play with some clay.
kid	yeah I wan(t) (t)a sit in that chair.
cgv	okay do you want to play with clay Abe.
kid	yeah I make I make after what's that.
cgv	it's detergent I have to run a load of clothes through.
kid	you fix clay.
kid	you fix clay.
cgv	in a little while you can take the gourds out of the pumpkin now if you want to.
kid	what gourds.
kid	what gourds.
cgv	the gourds in the pumpkin.
kid	and do what.
cgv	the pumpkin's starting to get stinky we have to throw it away but we were going to save the gourds so that they could dry.
kid	oh there I can't get this one out +....
cgv	hey.
cgv	I need to wash your striped blue+jeans okay.
kid	why.
kid	I'm wearing blue+jeans.
cgv	I know take them off so that I can wash them okay.
kid	no I wan(t) (t)a wear them.
cgv	I have to wash them you can put your pajamas on instead okay.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a wear my blue+jeans.
cgv	I have to wash them.
kid	I want my panties.
cgv	okay let's go get your pajamas on.
kid	I want some pants instead I want pants I want my pants.
cgv	your pants are in the washing machine why don't you wear these pajamas.
cgv	you don't have to go to bed do you want to wear these.
cgv	it's a surprise to see these pajamas isn't it.
kid	uhhuh I want another surprise I want another surprise.
cgv	would you like to play with some clay now.
kid	yeah.
cgv	you can make something and I'll take it to school.
kid	no I wan(t) (t)a play here I don't wan(t) (t)a take it to school.
cgv	you want to play at home tonight.
kid	yeah don't leave me don't leave me don't leave me don't leave me.
cgv	I'm not I'm not going to school tonight.
kid	I want another surprise I want another surprise I want another surprise.
cgv	the clay's all I have.
kid	I want some undiepants underpants] here's undiepants underpants] here's undiepants underpants].
cgv	do you want those on under your pajamas.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	okay.
kid	I like my undiepants underpants] where's my other pants.
kid	you put on my other pants.
cgv	your pajama pants.
kid	no the pants in that drawer the pants in that drawer.
cgv	no you wear these pajama pants it's nighttime now.
kid	it's getting nighttime it used to be daytime now it's getting nighttime.
cgv	that's right now let's get your pajamas on and go play with some clay okay.
kid	okay what you doing.
kid	what are you doing.
kid	huh.
cgv	I think they all need to be washed off.
kid	and dry.
kid	dry them.
cgv	yep do you want to dry them for me.
kid	yeah I wan(t) (t)a dry em for you.
cgv	that's nice.
cgv	let me get a towel for you to dry them.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a play with clay you sit Stan's chair.
cgv	do you want me to.
kid	yeah that's a +/..
cgv	where am I going to sit.
kid	huh.
cgv	where am I going to sit.
kid	right there right there.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	move the table uh so uh move the table you better uh my daddy's uh move the uh you uh move the table out.
cgv	okay I will.
cgv	are you going to dry those off.
kid	I want another ones I want another uh I wan(t) (t)a dry them off now.
cgv	okay I gave you the towel to dry them off with.
kid	oh look at the moon tonight look at the moon tonight look at the moon tonight look at the moon tonight.
cgv	where.
kid	out there see.
cgv	oh are you getting them dry.
kid	I dried them I dried them see.
kid	help me help me you help me what you doing.
cgv	wiping the footstool off.
kid	why.
cgv	because some of the pumpkin leaked on it okay.
cgv	now what were we going to do.
kid	play with clay.
cgv	are you all done with that.
kid	uhhuh I'm gon (t)a try to clean up little bit I'm trying to clean up a bit.
cgv	are you going to clean off the table.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	that's really nice of you Abe.
kid	you move the table out for this chair and Daddy where sit.
cgv	you want Daddy to sit there.
kid	yeah and you move the table out.
kid	now I dried the big ones.
cgv	thanks for drying them off Abe.
kid	I dried this one off.
cgv	good boy I'll put this one over here so that it won't be in our way.
kid	put this over here soon.
cgv	okay.
kid	what are you doing.
cgv	wiping this up so that we can play with the clay.
kid	here here's a spot here's another spot.
cgv	do you want me to wipe that off too.
kid	uhhuh I wan(t) (t)a make something I wan(t) (t)a make something.
cgv	okay here's the clay.
kid	no not that clay colored clay.
cgv	do you want the playdough.
kid	yeah you can play with that kind of clay okay.
kid	that's the green clay.
cgv	uhhuh Dad did you see all of the fennel.
cgv	no did all of that come out of the garden.
cgv	yeah.
kid	we are drying it.
cgv	what.
kid	I made that and my Mommy is drying it.
cgv	oh you sure are a good planter Abe what are you making with all that clay.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	you don't.
kid	a cookie a cookie or a cupcake.
cgv	oh.
kid	how long my birthday comes.
cgv	what.
kid	how long my birthday comes.
cgv	how long until your birthday.
kid	yeah.
cgv	it comes on December fifteenth.
kid	know what's coming after my birthday.
cgv	what.
kid	Santa Claus and Christmas.
cgv	that's right.
cgv	what else will happen after your birthday Abe.
kid	nothing I was talking to my Daddy.
cgv	oh well I'm sorry that I interrupted you.
kid	look I made lines in the clay I made lines in the clay.
cgv	do you want some more stuff to play in the clay with.
kid	yeah not that not that one I want another one.
cgv	how about these.
kid	yeah I like those I want the red one okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	help me tip it over help me tip it over Mom.
cgv	what are you doing Abe.
kid	I'm trying to tip this over can you tip it over.
kid	can you tip it over.
cgv	okay I'll turn it over for you.
kid	how you have ta uh you have ta make uh uh you have ta sit.
cgv	I have to sit.
cgv	where.
kid	you have to sit down.
cgv	I will I have to knead the clay first to get all of the bubbles out.
kid	look what I made.
cgv	that's nice Abe.
kid	I need another one to work on.
cgv	something else to work on.
kid	yeah get it.
cgv	it's on the floor.
kid	how about a fork.
kid	how about a fork to make designs.
cgv	okay I got you something else too.
kid	huh.
cgv	oh you found a fork on the floor.
kid	uhhuh and a spoon too help me help me not this way.
cgv	well turn it around the way you want it to be.
kid	help me.
kid	you help me.
kid	please.
kid	hurry.
kid	quick.
cgv	okay but I don't see why you can't do it.
kid	I'm gon (t)a hurry and get the bubbles out too.
cgv	good you have to get the bubbles out so that it won't explode when we have to put it in the kiln.
kid	you hear that.
cgv	what.
cgv	that's a strange noise alright.
kid	I wish I do that.
cgv	what.
cgv	make a pot like this.
kid	yeah I want some milk I want some milk Please.
cgv	okay just a second here you go.
kid	thank you I drinked my milk all gone.
cgv	would you like some more.
kid	no thank you I want some some cranberry cranberry cranberry mushrooms yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum.
cgv	when did you eat cranberry mushrooms.
kid	huh.
cgv	when did you eat cranberry mushrooms.
kid	Thursday for dinner.
cgv	you had them for dinner on Thursday.
kid	yeah I will use this pinch your nose.
cgv	my nose.
kid	yeah.
cgv	no you won't I'm gon (t)a get your nose instead do you know why I'm going to get you.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	because you're a bad boy.
kid	no because I'm a mean boy I'm gon (t)a get you (be)cause you are a mean mommy you understand that you understand that you understand that.
cgv	you're not going to get me I'm going to get you do you understand that.
kid	no you get me a piece of paper.
cgv	sure.
kid	now it's not on we better +....
cgv	what.
cgv	put your clay on this paper.
kid	it's on it's uh be on.
cgv	what.
cgv	the news is on Abe I'm going to watch the news.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a watch I wan(t) (t)a watch something else.
cgv	as soon as the news is over you can watch a show about a zebra okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	is Mommy making a pot like you.
kid	no her maked somethings and I maked some things.
cgv	oh are you done.
kid	no why you said +"/..
kid	+" I'm I'm done.
cgv	I just thought that you might be done with your clay.
kid	why.
cgv	I was just curious.
kid	I don't want this news.
cgv	well I want to watch it okay.
kid	how long the news is over.
cgv	it'll be over in just a little while the zebra show comes on right after the news.
kid	how long we watching uh how after the news.
cgv	the news'll be over in a few more minutes.
kid	that guy looks like the ice cream man.
cgv	why.
cgv	because he has a little hat on his head.
kid	yeah I like him.
cgv	did you have a good time at the movies today.
kid	yeah Mommy that movie was over right.
cgv	uhhuh we left after it was over.
kid	next time we go at the movies I get a lot candy.
cgv	really.
kid	uhhuh I want to go there one time ago.
cgv	you want to go to the movies again.
kid	uhhuh don't hurt me.
cgv	what.
kid	you hurt me.
cgv	how did I hurt you.
kid	you hurt me with that brush.
cgv	I was just playing I don't think that it hurt you.
kid	it did hurt me then it doesn't hurt me now it doesn't hurt you now too.
cgv	I'm sorry I didn't think that it would hurt you.
kid	what's that in there.
kid	why did you make that.
kid	there how about that.
kid	I made a circle.
cgv	yeah see if you can make another circle.
kid	I can't I can't you make another one for me I can't get this thing out I try with the fork.
cgv	go ahead.
kid	see.
cgv	what are you making Abe.
kid	I'm not making anything.
cgv	how come.
kid	because no recipe calls for anything.
cgv	what.
kid	I can't get this up you help me okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	what are you doing.
cgv	I'm making a lot of circles.
kid	why not.
kid	why you making a lot of circles.
cgv	because I want to make something.
kid	put them in my circles.
cgv	what are you going to make with your circles.
kid	nothing I wan(t) (t)a go someplace.
cgv	we're going to Texas pretty soon.
kid	how long we go at Texas.
cgv	we're going in December that's about a month and a half from now.
