participant	content
cgv	huh.
kid	you got them for me.
cgv	what.
kid	you got my paintings for me.
cgv	uhhuh I got a painting set for you.
kid	take this for my mom go take this for my mom Dad take this for my mom.
cgv	okay I'll take it and put it over here so that it will dry do you want another piece of paper.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	here you go.
kid	this is for you.
cgv	oh that's for me.
kid	this is for you for take for school for you for take school Dad and show Mike okay.
cgv	you want me to show Mike.
kid	uhhuh you show Mike you get happy.
cgv	we'll both be happy.
kid	here's your picture Dad see that it's round in circles.
cgv	uhhuh it's going around in circles that's pretty Abe.
kid	here Dad.
cgv	are you done.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	do you want another piece of paper.
kid	no you show Mike this picture for Mike this picture's for you this is not for Mike this is for you this is not for Mike this is for you that's for Mike put it on the desk.
cgv	okay I will I want it to dry off a little first okay.
kid	see that.
cgv	yeah.
kid	this is for Mike okay get it dry it off dry it off Dad.
cgv	okay.
kid	I don't like red.
cgv	you don't like red.
kid	I don't want red I don't like red that's not red paper for eat.
cgv	that's not good to eat that's right.
kid	that's fingerpaint that's finger paint Mom where's your picture.
cgv	oh you're painting still.
kid	no this is for my Dad that's for Mike.
cgv	huh.
kid	that's for Mike.
cgv	are you through painting.
kid	Mom here here's the paint things.
cgv	okay just a second.
kid	you can you can you get a tummy ache you have to go to doctor you get a tummy ache and you go to doctors.
cgv	not all the time just if it hurts real bad who told you that.
cgv	let's go wash off.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a wash my things off my hands too I wan(t) (t)a wash my hands too.
cgv	what are you doing Abe.
kid	I wash my hands too.
cgv	oh you're gon (t)a wash your hands too.
kid	Mom please wash my hands and I'm gon (t)a dry off.
cgv	okay dry them off on the towel okay.
kid	okay Mom one painting's for my Dad and one's for you.
cgv	oh thank you so much.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go to food co_op.
cgv	okay Dad would you like to go.
cgv	where.
kid	you like to go to food co_op.
cgv	no I think I'll let you go okay.
kid	oh Mom my daddy doesn't want to.
kid	he said no.
cgv	okay.
kid	bring my shirt Mom you like to wear this.
cgv	not right now that's a robe it's too hot.
kid	you wear that and you get hot.
cgv	uhhuh what are we going to get at the food co_op.
kid	peanuts and honey and I wan(t) (t)a come home and paint for the birds.
cgv	you do huh.
kid	uhhuh you need a fan.
kid	you need a fan.
kid	you need that turn on.
cgv	are you going to turn it down.
kid	no.
cgv	I don't need it turned on go ahead and turn it off.
kid	no.
cgv	go ahead I don't want it on.
kid	I turned it off Dad.
cgv	okay.
kid	I turn it on again.
cgv	it's on again go ahead and turn it off okay and leave it off.
kid	leave it on.
cgv	no leave it off we don't need it on Abe.
kid	I turned it off Dad.
cgv	okay leave it off okay.
kid	I turned it off I turned it on it burn my finger.
cgv	oh we don't want to do that go ahead and turn the fan off okay leave it off too.
cgv	Abe let's go.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a eat one orange please.
cgv	you wan(t) (t)a eat part of it.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	okay.
kid	turn the radio on.
cgv	I turned the tape+recorder on so that it could hear what you're saying.
kid	oh.
cgv	do you want part of this orange.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	just a second I have to peel it.
kid	peel it.
kid	me and Mommy go to food co_op.
cgv	you went to the food co_op with Mom.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	where else did you go.
kid	go get stamps.
cgv	you went to the post office.
kid	the post office right.
cgv	what would you like for lunch Abe.
kid	this is my lunch.
cgv	is that your lunch.
cgv	I'm going to have a salad would you like some.
kid	no eat fresh lettuce from our garden eat fresh lettuce from our garden.
cgv	do you want some fresh lettuce.
kid	no Dad we got cheese we got cheese.
cgv	you got cheese.
kid	uhhuh we got cheese alright.
cgv	are you hungry Abe.
kid	I'm not hungry Dad this is my mom's picture this is my mom's picture.
cgv	uhhuh it sure is pretty.
kid	I made it this is yours this is not yours this is Mom's Mommy orange seed Mommy orange seed.
cgv	oh you found a orange seed.
kid	we get a apple Mommy it's rolling Mom.
cgv	it rolled off.
kid	uhhuh Dad this picture's for you this picture's for you.
cgv	okay go ahead and put it on my desk okay.
kid	okay Dad this is for you this apple for my Dad for eat a snack.
cgv	thank you Abe.
kid	I want my apple this a apple I just got it out our house I just got this out our house Mom.
cgv	oh we got that in Pennsylvania.
kid	uhhuh Mommy I wan(t) (t)a go take a nap.
cgv	come eat lunch first what would you like to eat.
kid	I'll eat grilled cheese what's this Mom.
kid	what's this Mom.
cgv	that's my salad.
kid	take a lick Mom take a lick.
cgv	okay you can have a lick.
kid	no you take a lick you take a lick Momma what's that.
kid	Momma who broke this.
kid	who broke this Mom.
cgv	I did I cut the pod so the peas would come out.
kid	a pea came out.
kid	it did.
kid	Momma that grilled cheese sandwich pretty good pretty good.
cgv	thank you Abe why don't you eat it since it's so good.
kid	Mom I don't want a grilled cheese now I don't want a grilled cheese now Mommy you eat this.
cgv	you eat it Abe.
kid	Mommy you eat this you read this Mom you read this Mom.
cgv	I will when we go to bed you eat your sandwich now Abe.
kid	I don't want it Mom I'm not hungry I don't want my grilled cheese it's hot.
cgv	it'll cool off and then you can eat it.
kid	oh cold that wind feel good too.
cgv	it really does.
kid	you wan(t) (t)a eat this grilled cheese too.
cgv	no I'm eating a salad.
kid	Mommy you wan(t) (t)a eat this grilled cheese too.
cgv	no I'm eating a salad you eat the grilled cheese.
kid	I'm full Mom I'm not hungry I'm cold Mom close the window please.
