participant	content
kid	are you gon (t)a help.
cgv	I'm gon (t)a do dishes so you put up the books.
kid	I won't any more I won't cooperate you won't cooperate I don't wan(t) (t)a cooperate Mommy no one was outside.
cgv	is that why you came in.
kid	huh.
cgv	is that why you came in.
kid	no.
cgv	why'd you come in.
kid	because because I didn't want to be out I wondered if Jason was out but he wasn't no one was out (ex)cept me Mommy I'm gon (t)a see where my green dinosaur is I'm gon (t)a look for my green dinosaur.
cgv	I put it in your barn with your other animals.
kid	I'm gon (t)a get is I'm gon (t)a mmm mmm Mommy I don't know how to get this up side up.
cgv	you had it right the first time there.
kid	hey don't put it in there.
cgv	Abe did you tell anybody at school today about going camping.
kid	Mommy forgot to do say that I asked Mommy and she's the one that forgot to say that.
cgv	what.
kid	she uh I asked her and she was the one that forgot to say that.
cgv	did you tell anybody.
kid	I did I telled Momma Daddy did anyone rip these off.
cgv	huh.
kid	did anyone rip these things off.
cgv	I don't think so.
cgv	off the play one they did.
kid	these did anyone rip these.
cgv	either you or Greggy or Andy or Leslie picked them off the plastic one Abe.
kid	I didn't.
cgv	then it must have been Greggy or Andy or Leslie.
kid	Daddy when are you going to be a tiny seed again.
cgv	a what.
kid	a tiny seed I was a tiny seed so when are you going to be a tiny seed.
cgv	Abe I was already a tiny seed once I can't be one again can I.
kid	yeah you can.
cgv	are you going to be a tiny seed again.
kid	uh after after I grow big then I will because people are seeds then they grow big then they get old and then they get to be tiny seeds again.
cgv	do they grow little first.
kid	huh.
cgv	do old people grow little or do they just turn into seeds.
kid	they grow tiny and tiny and tiny and then they are so tiny they are tiny seeds.
cgv	oh Abe people don't turn back into seeds they grow from seeds but they don't turn back into seeds okay.
kid	yeah they do.
cgv	no they don't why don't you tell me what happened when we went camping yesterday.
kid	I don't know tell me I don't know.
cgv	okay you tell me what you remember and then I'll tell you what I remember.
kid	I can't remember.
cgv	okay first of all we drove out into the country do you remember where we drove.
kid	Taylors Falls yeah Taylors Falls.
cgv	what did we do when we got there.
kid	we climbed two steep hills and the bigger one was so big and then we were through climbing and then and then I saw a way to get down (ex)cept it was really steep and maybe we could be lost in the leaves and we were scared so so so then I saw a new way to get down and that was a rock part and then that was a dirt part.
cgv	that's right all those were different ways to get down (un)til you found a dirt path then what did we do.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	we climbed down the path and we crossed the road and then what.
kid	we goed@n to the camping park.
cgv	uhhuh what did we do there.
kid	we saw a dead fish and what did you see on the way home.
cgv	on the way home.
kid	yeah on his stomach.
cgv	oh flies.
kid	and what did you see on his mouth.
cgv	some more flies he didn't have any eyes did he.
kid	no and what did he have under his mouth.
cgv	I don't know what did he have.
kid	not any teeth just fins.
cgv	what did we do before we saw the fish.
kid	I don't know I fished in the river after after I saw him the first time.
cgv	that's right but what did we do right after we crossed the road from the cliffs and got back to our car.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	okay when did we see the fish.
kid	when we goed@n to the river.
cgv	that's right and what did we do right before we went to the river.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	what did you use the twigs for.
kid	to make a camp+fire we made a camp+fire and ate hot dogs (be)fore we goed@n to the river right.
cgv	right.
kid	we ate at a picnic table and I had a tiny tiny hot dog (be)cause I didn't want to do marshmallows.
cgv	uhhuh you didn't eat very much of your hot dog so we didn't roast marshmellows marshmallows].
kid	I didn't want to I wanted to go fishing instead.
cgv	do you want to go camping again.
kid	maybe today we will go camping in the morning.
cgv	do you mean tomorrow morning.
kid	yeah.
cgv	well I don't think we can go tomorrow.
kid	on Sunday we can Sunday we can go camping.
cgv	I think we can go next week.
kid	I think we could go Sunday.
cgv	how come Sunday.
kid	because it's gon (t)a be a yucky day.
cgv	we don't want to go on a yucky day.
kid	no a trashy day a dump+truck day.
cgv	why.
kid	we could follow the dump+trucks.
cgv	oh I'm not sure I wan(t) (t)a go where the dump+trucks go.
kid	ow my head hurts where's your umbrella.
kid	I'm sweating are you.
cgv	yep how come you're sweating.
kid	because I'm hot I have something in this pocket instead of this pocket I had chalk (ex)cept the chalk melted.
cgv	the chalk melted.
kid	yeah see.
cgv	Abe how'd you like to ride your bike to the park.
kid	huh.
cgv	would you like to bike to the park.
kid	come on let's do it Mommy where's my toothbrush I got at the dentist.
cgv	it's up where it belongs in the medicine cabinet.
kid	(ex)cept did I take it camping.
cgv	no you didn't stay overnight.
kid	hey where's the new book Grandpa and Grandma got me.
cgv	what.
kid	the new book Grandpa and Grandma got me.
cgv	the camping book.
kid	yeah I wan(t) (t)a look at it.
cgv	it's in on the bookshelf.
kid	Tommy's Camping Trip here it is.
cgv	what do you want to find in it.
kid	it's at the very end Mommy look what I found mushrooms and look Tommy has a flashlight.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mommy (ex)cept I don't have a butterfly and look.
cgv	does he have a butterfly.
kid	yeah a butterfly.
cgv	where is it.
kid	in a jar.
cgv	oh.
kid	(ex)cept mine is much bigger.
cgv	turn your flashlight off before you put it in your pocket.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a see nothin(g) you liar.
cgv	who.
kid	you you are a liar.
cgv	you're a teaser.
kid	you are a big liar help help help help help help help help help help help help help help help help help help Dad.
cgv	what are you doing you weirdo.
cgv	whoa you had a wreck.
kid	I didn't get hurt I got you I'm sorry Daddy did I almost get the map.
cgv	almost.
kid	I'm gon (t)a get my chair I got.
kid	your hair.
cgv	be careful.
kid	I'm hitting your map I almost got your leg let's go out and play baseball I wan(t) (t)a play with Daddy's baseball you could have the glove and I could hit it.
cgv	you could hit the glove.
kid	no I could hit the ball you could play you could throw the ball and I could hit it Daddy where are you gon (t)a go.
cgv	I'm just looking at the map.
kid	and now get the glove Mom you could get the glove.
cgv	I'll be the pitcher and you could be the batter.
kid	the batter.
kid	Daddy are you gon (t)a getting one game ready.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I love to play games.
cgv	you do.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I didn't know that.
kid	I don't think Mommy knows that either.
cgv	you're probably right.
kid	I'm still sweating.
cgv	I have a good solution.
kid	what.
cgv	how about putting on your swimming suit and taking a nice cool bath.
kid	no that's hot Mommy I wan(t) (t)a have a little a little picnic inside the house.
cgv	what would you like.
kid	five cookies and hot chocolate.
cgv	hot chocolate is a Winter drink Abe.
kid	hot chocolate is a spring drink.
cgv	uhuh.
kid	I want a glass of milk milk and five cookies.
cgv	I think five cookies is too much.
kid	five is just right Mommy next time when we go to a story hour can I wear this.
cgv	yeah we should have taken it last time.
kid	five five I like five one two three four five.
cgv	I don't think you can eat five here's three.
kid	I'll show you how many five is you break one and that's four you break another one and that's five.
cgv	correct Abe.
kid	one two three four five one two three four five.
cgv	how many big ones.
kid	there's just one big one.
cgv	uhhuh one big one and two middle ones and two little ones.
kid	five is a lot of cookies hey don't eat it.
cgv	I'm not.
kid	I thought you were one cookie got tangled.
cgv	in your hair.
kid	yeah.
