participant	content
cgv	then I won't get you anything.
kid	I'll buy lots of stuff without you and know what else.
kid	I would go hit cars.
cgv	you're being silly I guess I'll go upstairs.
kid	no you wouldn't I would step on those little people I would step on em.
cgv	why.
kid	because.
cgv	you're being silly.
kid	I'm not I'm gon (t)a run over em with this thing how does that sound.
cgv	I don't care what you say.
kid	if you don't care what I say I'm gon (t)a knock em down I'm rolling this he doesn't look what he's doing and he goes rolling and he knocks these people down look he's standing on his head he fell down can you make him stand on his head.
cgv	huh.
kid	could you make him stand on his head.
cgv	could I.
kid	yeah do you want to see this roll.
kid	do you want to see this roll.
cgv	sure.
kid	watch see.
kid	Dad where's a piece of wood this could roll down.
kid	Daddy do you want to see this.
cgv	yeah.
kid	Daddy I brunged@n my football inside the house and now I don't know where it is.
cgv	really.
kid	yeah if you find it I will play with you.
cgv	okay.
kid	you would be on that side and I would be on that side.
cgv	I would be.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I would be what.
kid	on that side.
cgv	okay are you ready.
kid	yeah is that a funny thing.
cgv	that was pretty funny when you kicked it.
kid	I'm trying to stand on one leg.
cgv	huh.
kid	I'm trying to stand on one leg I'm trying to stand on one leg and you're not aiming very good.
cgv	well you're supposed to catch it what would happen if I threw this and it hit the ceiling.
kid	I would fall down.
cgv	how come.
kid	because it would land on my head when it came down.
cgv	oh are you ready.
kid	yeah.
cgv	good one.
kid	I fell down.
cgv	you sure did.
kid	I fell down again I can't get up.
cgv	I guess you can't play football then.
kid	I can too I can too I can too.
cgv	you ready.
kid	yeah.
cgv	would it help you if we got a helmet.
kid	yeah.
cgv	how would it help.
kid	it would hit the helmet instead of me.
cgv	and what would happen then.
kid	I'd not be hurt except it could still land on my nose.
cgv	that's right.
kid	that would hurt my nose.
cgv	do you want me to hold it and you can kick it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	(o)kay you missed.
kid	you kicked me.
cgv	I did not aim for the ball this time.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a try again.
cgv	okay.
kid	I missed I'm swimming.
cgv	how come.
kid	there's water on the football field.
cgv	how did water get on the football field.
kid	someone poured water on me.
cgv	how come.
kid	(be)cause they they like me.
cgv	I guess I should pour water on you then I like you.
kid	no I was just pretending you hold this again I want to kick it.
cgv	okay.
kid	I can hold it my own self.
cgv	that's pretty hard isn't it.
kid	yeah you hold it now Daddy I think it's better if you hold it like this.
cgv	let me see I'll show you what happens if you hold it like that come on okay kick it see.
cgv	I have too much of my hand on the ball if I have one finger it goes a lot better.
kid	I try to do it like this see.
kid	my hand's too little.
cgv	no one finger's all you need look.
kid	I can do it too.
cgv	yep.
kid	sometimes football players kick when they catch.
cgv	why.
kid	because see.
kid	I told you.
cgv	you told me what.
kid	I told you they kick sometimes hey.
kid	let me try that.
cgv	okay.
kid	how much do you have to be when when you play football.
cgv	what do you mean.
kid	how much players.
cgv	how many players.
kid	yeah.
cgv	as many as you want.
kid	two.
cgv	two or twenty it really doesn't matter.
kid	how come Mommy's not.
cgv	she's not home do you want to play football some more.
kid	yeah after I get a drink of book why did John come here.
cgv	to talk to me.
kid	why did he come now.
cgv	just to talk.
kid	when does he usually come.
cgv	what.
kid	when does he usually come.
cgv	he doesn't usually come just once in a while.
kid	oh you say +"/..
kid	+" hut hut.
cgv	hut hut hut hut.
kid	I caught it.
cgv	it was a good catch.
kid	I'm trying to kick the ball.
cgv	good kick.
kid	I can't reach it sometimes football players catch with one hand.
cgv	I know.
kid	they're really good they might drop it though.
cgv	that's right.
kid	you might fall down if you hit your head I want to watch a cartoon.
cgv	none will be on (un)till tomorrow.
kid	cartoons aren't on tomorrow.
cgv	yeah they are in the morning.
kid	I want to watch lots and lots and lots of cartoons.
cgv	then you'll have to wait until next Saturday.
kid	I can't see I can't see.
cgv	do you want to take a bath.
kid	no I already did I'm not going to tell you again I told you.
cgv	what are you trying to do.
kid	I'm trying to put this in these.
cgv	I'll help you there you go.
kid	thanks I dreamed about this tonight.
cgv	last night.
kid	yeah last night.
cgv	what did you dream about it.
kid	nothing I just dreamed about it.
cgv	why don't you tell me a story.
kid	what kind of story.
cgv	any kind.
kid	once upon a time a alligator was eating a dinosaur and the dinosaur was eating the alligator and the dinosaur was eaten by the alligator and the alligator goed@n kerplunk.
cgv	that didn't make much sense what would have happened if we wouldn't have gone to the circus.
kid	then we would miss the circus.
cgv	huh.
kid	then we would miss the circus.
cgv	we would have missed it.
kid	yeah and I would go kerplunk I'm gon (t)a tell you another story the dinosaur ate the dinosaur and the dinosaur ate the dinosaur.
cgv	that wasn't too good tell me a good story.
kid	I already telled you one I know another one a little boy wanted to get a doggie and he got a doggie and and a elephant camed@n by and ate the doggie and and and a fly ate the elephant and and the spider ate the flies.
cgv	what a story what would happen if I told you a story like that.
kid	your shoes would fall off.
