participant	content
kid	no I'll squirt it now though I already squirted that one.
cgv	are you going to squirt it again.
kid	no it don't need squirting again no it wasn't thirsty I didn't squirt the lamp because it wasn't thirsty either.
cgv	oh are the plants thirsty.
kid	yeah and I squirted them.
cgv	good.
kid	Daddy Daddy can you help me reach up here to get the sink.
cgv	what do you need in the sink.
kid	more water my squirter is all empty.
cgv	what are you going to squirt with it when you get water.
kid	plants (be)cause plants are thirsty.
cgv	okay give me the squirter here you go.
kid	thanks it doesn't work can you fix it.
cgv	let me see it works see.
kid	don't squirt me I'm not a plant.
cgv	I'm sorry go squirt some plants.
kid	I'm done squirting plants I wan(t) (t)a watch tv now are cartoons on.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a watch cartoons now I wan(t) (t)a watch cartoons now I wan(t) (t)a watch cartoons now.
cgv	Abe cartoons aren't on now you're just going to have to wait a little while.
kid	can I see em.
cgv	can I wear yours.
kid	no you said you have some can I see em.
cgv	sure you can let me go find them.
kid	I didn't know grandmas smoke cigarettes.
cgv	sometimes they do some people smoke and some people don't and grandmas are people so some grandmas smoke.
kid	why some grandmas smoke.
cgv	because they like cigarettes.
kid	yeah.
cgv	they look a little big to me.
kid	no they are not big they are just right you can wear mine and I will wear these okay.
cgv	you can wear mine if you want to give them back you're done okay.
kid	I will I'm a mean cowboy I'm gon (t)a shoot you bang.
kid	bang.
kid	bang.
kid	bang.
cgv	you got me help.
cgv	get me a doctor Abe shot me help.
kid	I was just playing you're not really shot.
cgv	boy what a relief I thought I was a goner.
kid	I'm gon (t)a get Rufus.
cgv	did you get Rufus.
kid	yeah I gotted@n her a big hug can I brush my teeth.
kid	they are turning colors.
cgv	okay let's go brush your teeth here's some toothpaste do you want me to help you.
kid	no you go because I'm gon (t)a brush them myself.
cgv	okay call me if you need any help.
cgv	are you all done.
kid	yeah.
cgv	did you brush all your teeth.
kid	yeah they are clean now.
cgv	good do they feel better.
cgv	do your tongue like this.
kid	Grandma may I see your cigarette for a minute.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a blow it.
cgv	he likes to blow them so sparks come out.
kid	I'm a big boy now I don't need anyone to hold it.
cgv	go ahead and let him hold it he won't burn himself.
kid	here it's your turn now.
cgv	you sure did make a lot of sparks Abe.
kid	no I don't want you to go at work.
kid	uhhuh there.
kid	no I'm a mean cowboy I have to go help Rufus Rufus.
cgv	Abe are you done with this squirter.
kid	yeah.
cgv	okay let's start getting ready to go to Bumpa@f and Ninny's@f house.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a go to Bumpa@f and Ninny's@f house.
cgv	well we have to go let's get ready.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a go to there I wan(t) (t)a stay here.
cgv	okay but you'll be here all by yourself Mommy and Daddy are going to Bumpa@f and Ninny's@f house.
kid	is my Mommy home.
cgv	not now but she'll be back soon when she gets back we have ta go.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go spend the night at Granny's house.
cgv	we can't spend the night there we're going to spend the night at Bumpa@f and Ninny's@f house.
kid	can I do that while we're at Ninny@f and Bumpa's@f house.
cgv	what.
kid	that.
cgv	squirt the plants.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	I think that'd be alright we should ask Ninny@f first though.
kid	we can't ask because her maybe will be sick.
cgv	well we'll ask her anyway we'll take the squirter over there and then you can squirt the plants if Ninny@f says you can.
kid	I want to take my book too.
cgv	what book.
kid	my book that Mommy readed to me.
cgv	which book is that.
kid	I uh with Peter Pan.
cgv	your Peter Pan book.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	I'm sure we can take it see if you can find it.
kid	how long we will come here again.
cgv	we'll come back later on tonight.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a go to the store first and then after that we can go to the to Ninny@f and Bumpa's@f house.
cgv	why do you want to go to the store.
kid	I want a surprise a small surprise okay.
cgv	you don't need a surprise you've already got enough surprises for one day.
kid	I want another surprise.
cgv	we're not going to the store so you can't get a surprise go get your stuff ready because we're leaving pretty soon.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a go I wan(t) (t)a stay here.
cgv	we have to go go get your stuff.
kid	I don't wan(t) (t)a go I don't wan(t) (t)a take a nap.
cgv	you don't have to take a nap we're just going to visit for a while.
kid	when you and Mommy start to go to sleep you come to my bed+room where I'm sleeping and then go to sleep.
cgv	you want us to come sleep with you.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	we will we'll all sleep in the same room when it's time to sleep have you got all your stuff together.
kid	no.
cgv	go get it all we have to leave soon.
