participant	content
kid	let me hide my mother's coming is Mother coming.
cgv	I don't think so.
kid	I think so Mother your test is over.
cgv	it will be pretty soon.
kid	boo.
kid	I wish her test was over right now.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I would like it.
cgv	she'll be done pretty soon what are you doing.
kid	I want to wrestle with you.
cgv	you do.
kid	Dad don't throw this away.
cgv	I'm not I'm just picking it up.
kid	okay Mommy's coming nope I want to wrestle with you and I'm gon (t)a beat you I'm gon (t)a get up here first.
cgv	we're not wrestling up there.
kid	where are we wrestling.
cgv	we're going to wrestle down here.
kid	I think you're going to win and remember Dad no wrecking that wall.
cgv	what wall.
kid	this wall the wall with this thing on so don't wreck it and I'll take this thing off so we won't wreck it I think you're gon (t)a win you're starting.
cgv	no I'm just picking up this stuff.
kid	I'm gon (t)a start.
cgv	no why don't you pick up some of your stuff first.
cgv	okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	what would happen if one of us gets hurt while we wrestle.
kid	we would have to take one of us to the hospital.
cgv	uhhuh so what are we going to have to do.
kid	pick up all this stuff I guess.
cgv	what else.
kid	we will have to be careful.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	now let's wrestle.
cgv	let me eat my cookie first do you want a bite.
kid	no I was wrestling I was just pretending are you ready Dad.
cgv	almost would you bring me my tea.
cgv	thanks.
kid	I was glad you gotted@n it before I dropped it.
cgv	guess who I saw today.
kid	who.
cgv	I really didn't see him I saw his footprints in the snow guess who.
kid	me mine and Mother's.
cgv	no it was somebody who's coming to our house this Sunday.
kid	the Easter Bunny.
cgv	yeah what do you think he was doing around here.
kid	I don't know looking.
cgv	yeah what do you think he was looking for.
kid	I bet he was looking for good guys.
cgv	yeah I bet he was looking to see if the kids around here were good.
kid	right.
cgv	you know what.
cgv	in a way we're lucky it snowed right.
kid	yeah.
cgv	how come we're lucky.
kid	to go sledding.
cgv	yeah but what's another reason.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	would we have been able to see the Easter Bunny's footprints if it wouldn't have snowed.
kid	no that's the other thing.
cgv	uhhuh it's supposed to snow some more tonight.
kid	oh we might see him again.
cgv	maybe we should be good too huh.
kid	right (ex)cept I really have to try to go to sleep tonight.
cgv	yeah.
kid	now is it time to wrestle.
cgv	it sure is.
kid	goodie.
cgv	who's winning.
kid	you Daddy stop stop.
cgv	okay.
kid	now let's start wrestling again.
cgv	okay.
kid	yeah Daddy I'm gon (t)a have a little break.
cgv	okay good idea.
kid	I'm just gon (t)a get a little drink.
cgv	okay.
kid	I don't see I don't see no drink oh I won't have a drink.
cgv	I'll get you a drink.
kid	well I could have my hot chocolate it's still good I'm not thirsty now I just spoiled my thirst.
cgv	you what.
kid	I just spoiled my thirst already.
cgv	oh.
kid	do you wan(t) (t)a wrestle still.
cgv	might as well.
kid	I'm winning now that's the end of the wrestling match today.
cgv	it is not I'm gon (t)a get you.
kid	no no no tickling no tickling no tickling I'm tough do you think I won.
cgv	yeah I think you did.
kid	let's wrestle still.
cgv	okay I'm going to win this time.
kid	no I win.
cgv	you're gon (t)a win.
kid	I won I won no I won.
cgv	not yet you haven't.
kid	oh yeah I wish we haven't got all this mail.
cgv	I'll open it.
kid	I'm gon (t)a show you what time it is.
cgv	okay.
kid	the little hand's on the two and the big hand's on the five what time it that.
cgv	it's fifteen minutes after two why did you want to know what time it is.
kid	I just wanted to tell you.
cgv	oh.
kid	you win you win you win you win you win I give I give I give I give you win no tickling.
cgv	is that a new rule.
kid	no yeah it is.
cgv	okay then no jumping on me okay.
kid	okay were you tickling.
cgv	no.
kid	oh I forgot no jumping well I'm still going to win do I win.
cgv	I think you did.
kid	okay I'm not going to get you.
cgv	do you want to get a little rest.
kid	yeah ow.
kid	that hurt Daddy I'm sleeping.
cgv	no you're not.
kid	I was going [=! makes snoring sound] while I was doing my exercises.
cgv	oh you're trying to trick me.
kid	no I'm exercising.
cgv	oh you're trying to trick me.
kid	no I'm exercising we both win we had a tie.
cgv	we had a tie.
kid	yeah.
cgv	we would have a tie.
kid	we did have a tie.
cgv	oh wait I thought we already quit.
kid	no we didn't.
cgv	look what you did.
kid	I didn't do it you did it.
cgv	I know I'm sorry too.
cgv	Stan.
cgv	what.
kid	I'm gon (t)a go up there when is Jason coming over here.
cgv	in about half an hour.
kid	why don't we call him and see.
cgv	do you know where he is now.
kid	at school.
cgv	well how can we call him at school.
kid	you know the answer five five eight eight that's the answer.
cgv	what's five five eight eight.
kid	that's his school or somebody else's that you want to call.
cgv	no we'll just let him come after school.
kid	why did you do that Mother.
kid	you pinched me right on the bottom.
cgv	do you want to help me pick up some of your stuff.
kid	I already picked up some of my stuff.
cgv	you can earn a allowance that way.
kid	Mommy I already picked up some of my stuff Mommy.
cgv	huh.
kid	I'll pick up some if you let me make a picture.
cgv	what kind of picture are you going to make Abe.
kid	you'll see you'll see I hope you'll like it this reminds me of Easter.
cgv	that color.
kid	uhhuh oh no look what I did I made a hole.
cgv	that can be part of your picture.
kid	that is part of my picture I bet you can't find this.
cgv	find what.
kid	Mother.
cgv	what.
kid	can you find this.
cgv	yeah I see it.
kid	where.
cgv	right there you're holding it.
kid	I don't mean my hand I mean the little dot it's right here the dot's right here.
cgv	you just put it there no wonder I couldn't see it before.
kid	I don't mean that dot that dot I'm gon (t)a eat it right now.
cgv	I'd take the paper off first if I were you.
kid	I'm not really gon (t)a eat it I was just pretending sometimes I call what is that cat's name.
cgv	Hillery.
kid	no.
cgv	Sarah.
kid	yeah sometimes I get confused of Sarah to Terry.
cgv	you want to call Sarah Terry.
kid	no I get confused sometimes I call her Terry I shot my thumb look at my thumb Mother Mommy look at my poor thumb can I have another piece of gum.
kid	I want three not four not five three.
cgv	why.
kid	to put you get you one and then I'm gon (t)a have one okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	(ex)cept I'm gon (t)a eat something first.
