participant	content
kid	huh.
cgv	what are you going to tell everybody at school tomorrow.
kid	I don't think I'm going to tell them something I don't think I'm going to tell them anything.
cgv	how come.
kid	because.
cgv	come here for just a second.
kid	I'm looking through this I'm looking I'm looking in this.
cgv	what are you looking for.
kid	I'm just looking in this.
cgv	if you want to you can read that to Daddy.
kid	I can't read it.
cgv	just tell him.
kid	see.
kid	these are nightmares.
cgv	really.
kid	see.
kid	right here.
cgv	that looks like a nightmare alright.
kid	(ex)cept why do you call it a nightmare Mom.
cgv	remember what I told you.
kid	because why.
cgv	tell me what you remember.
kid	because this is a lump and tell me why he has a pointy mmm tail okay.
kid	a pointy tail like crisscross like crisscross okay.
kid	see.
kid	why are these things on his tail.
cgv	nightmares are just bad dreams is that real.
kid	no they're just playing.
cgv	it's his imagination isn't it.
kid	I think it's real though.
cgv	look at this.
kid	can I see.
cgv	give it to Mom.
kid	I'm gon (t)a throw it here catch.
cgv	Abe I wan(t) (t)a ask you something.
kid	(ex)cept I'm looking at this right now.
cgv	okay.
cgv	did you tell Daddy what we saw sitting inside the library.
kid	why.
kid	a dog.
kid	and one more nightmare Mommy why do nightmares have teeth.
cgv	Abe not all nightmares are the same thing to him that's a nightmare you might have different nightmares.
kid	I have hawk nightmares.
cgv	Abe aren't you going to tell people about going camping.
kid	I don't think I am I know about going camping and Dad look I got a new toy.
cgv	do you think it's a new one or part of an old one.
kid	I think it's part of a old one because look it's the top it's red it's new.
cgv	Abe do you remember what happened when we went camping.
kid	no I'm not gon (t)a tell that's gon (t)a make everyone sad I think.
cgv	huh.
kid	I think it's gon (t)a make everyone sad.
cgv	how come.
kid	because.
cgv	because why.
kid	because I think it will.
cgv	for what reason.
kid	I don't know for what reason.
cgv	because they didn't get to go camping.
kid	who.
cgv	your friends at school.
kid	yeah Mommy I wish I could have a cannon too I could shoot it a real cannon like that.
cgv	I don't even have a real cannon.
kid	do you have a toy cannon.
cgv	hmm.
kid	do you have a cannon.
cgv	no I don't even think I've ever seen a toy cannon.
kid	Mommy don't you think nightmares have really big eyes.
cgv	if that's what you dream about.
kid	nightmares really have big eyes that's what I think.
cgv	that little boy's nightmares do I've never had nightmares like that.
kid	look at the very end his eyes are closed.
cgv	do you know why.
kid	why.
kid	he's in bed (ex)cept why can nightmares fit in bed.
kid	why.
cgv	he was sleepy so the little boy let him get in bed with him.
kid	can I plant this.
kid	I can't plant this very well can I plant this.
kid	is this a rock.
kid	Mommy there's clay inside there's clay inside.
cgv	there's clay on the outside.
kid	I saw a grasshopper's feet grasshopper's feet grasshopper's feet grasshopper's feet grasshopper's feet Daddy what are you doing.
cgv	I'm oiling this chair.
kid	can I can I can I help too.
cgv	sure.
kid	(ex)cept can I use that.
cgv	sure let me show you where to put it.
kid	right here.
kid	oh I remember right there.
cgv	right.
kid	Mommy can I put this in there.
cgv	that's already used.
cgv	hey Abe don't mess with the stuff on my desk.
kid	don't you say that you better stop saying that or I'm gon (t)a hit you on the head.
cgv	you can't mess with stuff on Daddy's desk.
kid	I'm gon (t)a hit you on the head now.
cgv	okay if you want to sit in the corner go ahead.
kid	don't say that I don't like you when you say that I'm gon (t)a hit you now I'm gon (t)a hit you now.
cgv	Abe do you still have that shell that you found.
kid	no I do.
kid	it's in my pocket no the wind blowed it away.
cgv	oh that's right I remember now.
kid	put that on my table.
cgv	I think it would get bumped a lot over there.
kid	why.
cgv	because you're such a bumpy boy.
kid	I'm gon (t)a throw my sticks to you Daddy can I throw my sticks to you.
kid	and then you can fix them and give em back to me.
cgv	okay.
kid	see Dad when you open this it looks different when you close this it looks the same.
cgv	hey there's ants in here.
kid	(ex)cept where are the ants.
kid	Mommy I saw a baby mushroom outside when I comed@n when I started to come in.
cgv	what did you say.
kid	I said I saw a little cate(r)pillar a little cate(r)pillar without any fur.
cgv	where at.
kid	outside on the sidewalk see where I'm pointing.
kid	that's where see where I'm pointing.
kid	that's where the cate(r)pillar I saw was.
cgv	oh.
kid	then I started to blow it really hard and it got on the grass Daddy can I see your big knife for a second.
kid	your knife that you're gon (t)a take fishing.
cgv	here.
kid	that knife you're gon (t)a take fishing to scale the fish.
cgv	yeah it's real sharp.
kid	(ex)cept I thought it wasn't.
cgv	it is let me see your finger see.
kid	oh I see at the very top it's big (ex)cept you don't need to use it you got me this knife so I'm gon (t)a scrape the fish with this.
cgv	okay do you think we're going to catch some fish next week.
kid	yeah I wan(t) (t)a go to a different camping place next week.
cgv	how come.
kid	because the other one has mmm fish and that's lots of fish.
kid	(ex)cept it's not lots [!] of fish and I want lots [!] of fish.
kid	<the mostest fish> the mostest most] +est] fish okay.
cgv	that would be fun remember the cliff we saw.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what was it's name.
kid	I don't know you tell me.
cgv	the one with the caves.
kid	I can't know that was a cliff.
cgv	yeah.
kid	what was name of it.
cgv	Chimney Rock.
kid	yeah Chimney Rock Mommy my mmm falled@n my holster falled@n.
cgv	do you want to paint.
kid	after I'm through playing with this I would like to paint I wan(t) (t)a do this first.
cgv	okay.
cgv	what Abe.
kid	I said this has different handles.
cgv	your knife handle and the handle in the picture are different.
kid	yeah and my sword is bigger it's a toy sword and this is in a book.
cgv	uhhuh yours is bigger than the picture what did you do today.
kid	just played I told you then and I told you now I worked in the garden then I had a little snack then I played inside the house.
cgv	did you go to school today.
kid	no.
cgv	when are you going to go to school.
kid	I don't know Monday I suppose.
cgv	oh.
kid	because look look Mom Mom see.
kid	this guy is starting to throw his knife that's how come I keep throwing mine.
cgv	just don't throw it at people.
kid	(ex)cept he throwed it at people.
cgv	because he's mean he's a mean pirate.
kid	this kid is gon (t)a shoot this guy (ex)cept he missed Mom why does this pirate have rings on his self.
cgv	where.
kid	right here on his ears.
cgv	earrings.
kid	yeah.
cgv	he probably stole them.
kid	I keep throwing my knife at pirates I will throw it in the water and then it will land on a fish no no if I catch a fish then I'll stab it Mommy you never readed this.
cgv	what.
kid	this book you never readed this book.
cgv	I've already read about ten books today.
kid	read this you didn't read it you need to read this this is what I'm gon (t)a plant this this thing I'm pointing at.
cgv	tomorrow we're going to get our seeds.
kid	(ex)cept are we gon (t)a go to that burned fire store that was all burned.
cgv	no we're gon (t)a go to a different store.
kid	why.
cgv	because the other store still isn't open yet.
kid	I'm gon (t)a throw my knife at a seed and I'm gon (t)a cut the tomatoes up so I'm deciding to be mean.
cgv	well if you're gon (t)a be mean go live with the pirates we don't want mean buys cutting everything up.
cgv	wow it's really dark already I didn't realize it was so late.
kid	maybe when the sun comes up it will be tomorrow.
cgv	it will be tomorrow no doubt about it.
cgv	hey look Robin Hood has a knife and a bow and arrow.
kid	(ex)cept which is his knife.
cgv	see this little sword right here.
cgv	do you wan(t) (t)a go help me bring the stuff in from the car.
kid	it's raining outside I think.
cgv	who else has knives.
kid	no one else has knives (ex)cept hawks have knife teeth hawks have really sharp teeth.
cgv	how about Peter Pan.
kid	he has a knife.
cgv	see.
kid	(ex)cept these are swords.
cgv	yours is almost a sword.
kid	read about Peter Pan Mommy Mommy why does this have a big stone in that.
cgv	it's not raining any more.
