participant	content
kid	jello and something else.
cgv	do you want one of these toasted.
kid	I want to see what you have Mom Mommy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I want a little bowl of grape+nuts.
cgv	a little bowl of grape+nuts and jello.
kid	uhhuh but put a lot of honey in.
cgv	okay do you want hot chocolate.
kid	no I want milk I have to go poop.
cgv	okay.
kid	who's using the toilet.
cgv	nobody.
kid	who left the light on.
cgv	I did.
kid	I forgot to go tee+tee Mommy let's see how little the bowls are hey they're both the same.
cgv	we need to get milk today.
kid	where.
kid	hey we're running out of everything we're running out of everything now.
cgv	what are we running out of.
kid	we're running out of something that was here something that could be here and something that could be here and something that could be here too.
cgv	do you think we should keep all the shelves full all of the time.
kid	yeah because if we have a lot of food all the time then we could have then we could have a lot of food.
cgv	we have more bad new Abe.
kid	what.
cgv	Steve and Marsha called and they aren't going to be able to come up here.
kid	why didn't we call them.
cgv	it was really strange I tried to call them but their line was busy so I hung up the phone and guess what happened.
kid	what.
cgv	they called us I called them while they were trying to call us isn't that strange.
kid	yeah hey Mommy.
cgv	what.
kid	why don't we go to the grocery store and just look for things that are cheap.
cgv	for what.
kid	for cereal.
cgv	what kind of cereal.
kid	you know Alphabits.
cgv	if they're on sale we'll get em.
kid	I can't make em so we'll have to buy em.
cgv	maybe Santa'll put some in your stocking sometimes he leaves stuff like that.
kid	yeah like candy how will he know what I want all the way up there.
cgv	you'll have to write a letter and tell him to bring our gifts here instead of to Texas.
kid	uhuh we're probably going to rent a cabin for some days.
cgv	yeah but not on Christmas day we'll be here then.
kid	well what are the cabins going to be for.
kid	who's going to give us gifts.
cgv	all of our friends in Texas.
kid	how.
kid	they can't mail em.
cgv	why do you think they can't mail them.
kid	because then we wouldn't get em on Christmas Eve.
cgv	I think we'd get em before then we're going to mail our gifts to Texas.
kid	uhhuh but we would get our Christmas gifts before Christmas Eve so we would think we could unwrap em before Christmas.
cgv	no way.
kid	I have to go poop.
cgv	do you have diarrhea.
kid	no I went tee+tee and then I have to go poop Mommy do you really like those.
cgv	I really do those were good Thanksgiving pictures.
kid	how much people do you think liked em.
cgv	Jean liked em and Lyle liked em and I know Daddy liked em.
cgv	where are you going.
kid	I have to go poop you can't go down there unless you get your blue+jeans on.
cgv	I can go down right now.
kid	you don't got no blue+jeans on.
cgv	I know I'm just going down for a second.
cgv	we both have to go to the dentist in January.
kid	you got ta go in January January is when the baby's getting born.
cgv	in February.
kid	oh yeah Mom I didn't know farmers would let robins sit in barns.
cgv	some do.
kid	huh.
cgv	some do.
kid	of course like Joe he used to run a farm a neat farm too.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I thought it was neat farm.
cgv	it looks like some birds have eaten some of the bread.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a see could I see.
cgv	sure go look.
kid	you mean some of the birds had a Thanksgiving.
cgv	huh.
kid	one bird had a Thanksgiving when he ate our breads.
cgv	uhhuh see that number fifteen Abe.
cgv	with the yellow circle around it.
kid	I can't see a yellow circle.
cgv	I mean a yellow square.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	guess whose birthday that is.
kid	mine how many more days.
cgv	seventeen.
kid	oh.
cgv	what would you do if I stole all your gifts.
kid	I'd punch you.
cgv	I better not do it then.
kid	hey Mommy hey Daddy what did they say about Karen.
cgv	she can't come know why.
kid	it costs too much.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	why didn't they pay for Karen and then Karen only goes.
cgv	well I suggested that but it still costs too much.
kid	hey.
kid	there's thread in my cereal I'll show you a piece of thread.
cgv	Grandma said +"/..
cgv	+" I spent all my money on as gifts and I don't have any left to let Karen fly up.
kid	is that true.
cgv	yeah.
kid	hey Mommy.
cgv	yeah.
kid	we can put this up after we're done eating.
cgv	uhhuh which do you think Mike would like.
cgv	a cowboy jacket or a zebra robe.
kid	probably one of those zebra robes and a cowboy jacket.
cgv	no it has to one or the other.
kid	how (a)bout a cowboy jacket like the one I have.
cgv	do you think he'd like it.
kid	(ex)cept with a different kind of material (be)cause he likes softest material.
cgv	oh Abe.
kid	I can't talk with my mouth full.
kid	I can't talk now [=! laughs].
kid	I forgot I can't laugh with my mouth full.
kid	I can't drink with my mouth full and I can't eat with my mouth full.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mom how do you think Santa could sneak into our house.
cgv	he has magical powers.
kid	no he doesn't he has real sneak shoes or slippers real quiet shoes.
cgv	I think I'll stay up real late this year and see if I can see Santa when he comes to our house.
kid	Santa gots@n real magical powers if you look up he'll be up down if you look down he'll be up so you better not stay up because if he sees you he'll give you a spanking.
cgv	if he sees me he won't leave any presents for anybody that'd be okay.
kid	no he wouldn't he would just leave not presents for you.
cgv	oh should we leave him a carrot to eat.
kid	I don't know but when is it gon (t)a be Easter.
cgv	I hope he doesn't bring the reindeer in the house they'd make a real mess.
kid	or leave footprints or go tee+tee on the floor Mom where did you see the Christmas decorations.
cgv	in Dayton's.
kid	how much do they cost.
cgv	I can't remember they also had some beautiful wreaths that we can make.
kid	how would how could we make em.
cgv	it's a kit.
kid	did they give you the thread and needle and did they give the package of the shapes.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	so you could sew em.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	remember that Christmas wrapper that we used to have or have.
kid	we could use that to wrap our presents.
cgv	good idea.
kid	we could buy some ribbon or wrap it with string and we could also make bows.
cgv	there's a bug.
cgv	climbing up the wall by Abe's pictures.
kid	which picture was it gon (t)a go under.
