participant	content
kid	yeah I think it would.
cgv	how come.
kid	because it would stick together then.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	what Daddy.
cgv	it might just be a waste of tape.
kid	I don't think so I just want to put one more piece on okay Daddy.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy is there any crunchy peanut butter on here.
cgv	no just regular.
kid	good can you hear what what it's doing.
cgv	what what's doing.
kid	the tv.
cgv	don't turn it up I don't want to listen to it.
kid	you don't want to hear it.
kid	or don't you.
cgv	it's okay like it is do you want something to drink.
kid	okay but put it in the fridge don't bring it in here.
cgv	okay.
kid	I want orange juice why don't you want to hear it Dad.
cgv	huh.
kid	why don't you want to hear the tv.
cgv	I've got the tape recorder on if the tv's on then I won't be able to hear what we say when I listen to the tape okay.
kid	okay.
cgv	what were you and Chris doing outside.
kid	playing.
cgv	all the time.
kid	yeah we were sledding.
cgv	that was a long sled ride.
kid	no.
cgv	you took one long sled ride the whole time you were outside.
kid	no lots of sled rides.
cgv	oh you took one sled ride huh.
kid	a lot.
cgv	one long one.
kid	no a lot.
cgv	oh.
kid	you can't hear can you.
cgv	hunhunh how far do you think you would have gone if you would have been sledding the whole time you were out there.
kid	not very far.
cgv	how come.
kid	because we had lots of crashes.
cgv	oh did you get hurt.
kid	no smash up derby but we didn't get hurt any.
cgv	good what are you doing.
kid	I was seeing what all that noise was.
cgv	what was it.
kid	Chris and one of his friends and Mista.
cgv	oh what are you doing.
kid	I was going like this.
cgv	huh.
kid	I was going like this.
cgv	don't crush em.
kid	I wasn't crunching them.
cgv	do you want me to go to the basketball game tonight.
kid	do you mean it's a real one.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	okay you can go.
cgv	what're you gon (t)a do.
kid	I thought you said Amy could babysit me.
cgv	would you like that.
kid	uhhuh and you could tell me who won the game and how the game looked like.
cgv	uhhuh sounds good what do you think you'll do at Amy's house.
kid	play Dad.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	is there anything in the fridge for me to drink.
cgv	I think so go look and see.
kid	did you get me orange juice.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	what.
kid	okay I'll come out after I eat lunch I'll come out after I eat lunch.
kid	the little hand's on the four and the big hand is on the twelve.
kid	okay four thirty that's silly.
cgv	what are you going to do Abe.
kid	go outside when I'm through eating.
cgv	oh.
kid	I'm through eating so I'm going out now I really mean right now I'm going right now.
cgv	right now.
kid	uhhuh I already finished eating I already finished Daddy will you help me get my snow pants on.
kid	there.
cgv	huh.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" my leg's in there.
cgv	oh how's that feel.
kid	oh what.
cgv	that guy almost had a touchdown but he just missed it.
kid	well how do you know he would have made a touchdown.
cgv	I saw it he had clear going.
kid	Dad put this on.
cgv	what are you going to do outside.
kid	play.
cgv	where are you going to be.
kid	right in back of the house.
cgv	be careful okay.
kid	I will February is for a girl named Shannon.
cgv	what.
kid	February is for a girl named Shannon.
cgv	who told you that.
kid	I told myself that.
cgv	how come you think that's true.
kid	because I think it's true and for my baby.
cgv	you're going to have a baby.
kid	yeah.
cgv	you are.
cgv	you don't even look pregnant.
kid	Daddy my mommy is only women could be pregnant.
cgv	that's what I thought so how are you going to have a baby.
kid	I'm not gon (t)a have a baby my mother is.
cgv	oh what did you guys play when you went outside this time.
kid	huh.
cgv	what did you and Chris play when you went outside this time.
kid	playing hide+and+seek.
cgv	was that fun.
kid	yeah and then we played sledding wow.
kid	I got the target eight feet above right in the middle of the calendar now it went right on the edge.
cgv	what are you doing.
kid	I'm just playing I'm pretending that I'm throwing this at the target.
cgv	oh.
kid	I missed the target and my spear went right through the wall.
cgv	wow.
cgv	is Mommy going to be mad.
kid	it really didn't go through the wall let's really trick her okay Daddy.
kid	and don't tell him I'm tricking okay.
kid	we'll trick her and she'll really think that I threw my sword through the wall.
cgv	okay.
kid	I'm just pretending Dad but but tell Mommy my spear went through the wall and landed in here.
cgv	how come you want me to tell Mommy that.
kid	because she won't believe me.
cgv	huh.
kid	because she won't believe me but she'll believe you and she'll say.
kid	+" Abe you'll have to fix that all up.
cgv	is that what she'll say.
kid	yeah.
cgv	why do you think she'll say that.
kid	because I just do.
cgv	oh say what do you think um.
kid	what would happen if what.
cgv	what do you think would have happened if your spear really would have went through the wall.
kid	my Mom would say +"/..
kid	+" Abe Duncan.
kid	+" you should be ashamed of yourself and I'm gon (t)a get you for real Abe Duncan.
cgv	where are you going.
kid	upstairs to go poop if Chris comes while I'm upstairs tell me.
cgv	okay I burnt my hand.
kid	on what.
cgv	I don't know see.
kid	did you cut it.
kid	oh it is burned Daddy did you see what I was doing.
cgv	what.
kid	watch that's a whoops.
cgv	do you want something to eat.
kid	no.
cgv	do you.
kid	no did you see that.
kid	it almost went right through the ceiling now it almost went right through the wall man.
kid	it almost went right through the wall again I hope it right through the wall again.
cgv	you're going to be good at Amy's tonight aren't you.
kid	yes.
cgv	how do you know that you're going to be good.
kid	I just know I'm going to be good.
cgv	huh.
kid	I know I'm gon (t)a be good because I'm gon (t)a.
cgv	do you want a piece of cheese.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" no I don't want anything to eat.
kid	man Daddy you should watch this is cool.
cgv	what was that.
kid	it's the newspaper it's here.
cgv	good.
kid	Daddy can I use part of the footstool.
cgv	okay.
kid	for the canyon.
cgv	for the cannon.
kid	yeah for the cannon I'm just doing everything I'm pretending I'm a gunner and I'm making the cannon shoot pow.
kid	pow.
cgv	what are you doing now.
kid	I'm looking at this I can't even see anything.
cgv	let me see.
kid	wait a second.
kid	look through this now can you see anything.
cgv	no.
kid	that's what I mean that's why I can't see anything you thought I couldn't see anything because it was too long but it's because this is bent.
cgv	right do you want some tea.
kid	no.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I don't like tea.
cgv	that's a good reason.
