participant	content
cgv	yeah but it's going to be a surprise.
kid	uhhuh can I have a cookie Momma.
cgv	no we're going to eat dinner.
kid	can I have something to eat.
cgv	yeah when we eat dinner.
kid	you always say that Momma.
cgv	well you're not going to starve before dinner.
kid	Mommy you always do this.
cgv	oh.
kid	I broke this.
cgv	don't play with that.
kid	I broke it it's too late it's too late.
cgv	what do you want for dinner.
cgv	we're having omelettes.
kid	a grilled cheese okay Mom.
kid	not a omelette.
cgv	plus what.
cgv	some eggs.
kid	no plus some eggs.
kid	no a grilled cheese with bologna or toast that's fair that's fair you'll have ta tell em what I want for Christmas I mean for my birthday you know that.
kid	you know that Momma.
cgv	just a second Abe I can't hear you while the faucet's running.
kid	okay is the Flinstones on.
cgv	no it'll be on in a little while.
kid	the Flintstones will.
cgv	what time do they come on.
kid	I don't know Mom what time is the Flintstones gon (t)a be coming on.
cgv	I don't know do you want a piece of cheese.
kid	yes two pieces I got two pieces.
cgv	did you tell Daddy that you got to pick out these beautiful apples.
kid	uhhuh but Daddy.
cgv	what buddy.
kid	well only if you wan(t) (t)a eat em we'll only have ta carve em.
cgv	carve em.
kid	uhhuh carve em.
cgv	like a pumpkin.
kid	yeah.
cgv	Stan do you want to have a lot of mushrooms.
cgv	yeah.
cgv	how about you Abe.
kid	I don't like mushrooms that's the funniest thing I ever heard I mean that's the dumbest thing I ever heard.
cgv	the funniest or the dumbest.
kid	the dumbest I guess it's gon (t)a start so you'll have to fart it's gon (t)a start so you'll have ta fart this time wah.
kid	I don't want it to start because I don't want to fart.
cgv	Dad today Abe decided that he didn't want to go to Texas for Christmas.
kid	what Momma.
cgv	I told Dad that you decided that you didn't want to go to Texas for Christmas anymore.
kid	I did too don't believe Mom.
cgv	tell Dad why you want to go.
kid	because we'll be lonely all um all Christmas long.
cgv	why.
kid	because we wouldn't have anybody to talk to that's why.
cgv	we'd be lonely if we went to Texas.
kid	no if we stayed home.
cgv	oh.
cgv	he said Christmas is the time to be with the ones you love.
kid	no you did Mom.
cgv	I thought you said that.
kid	I didn't say it you must have said it before we go before we go we better get the tickets.
cgv	right.
cgv	oh Abe's going to go in the seventeenth for his physical.
kid	and I'm not gon (t)a get a shot this is for you Daddy.
cgv	thanks what is it.
kid	a barn.
cgv	a picture of a barn thanks.
kid	and you could see a bird's nest.
cgv	yeah I see that.
kid	here's the hay and here's the window.
cgv	wow.
cgv	that's nice.
kid	and there's the animals Mommy.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I have to do my jumping lessons.
cgv	don't jump on the couch.
kid	I won't Mommy can I jump over your sewing machine top.
cgv	I'd rather you didn't Abe that's made out of plastic and it could break rather easily.
kid	okay what can I jump over.
cgv	how about a pillow.
kid	no that's too short that's too short I know what I could use I could use the footstool I'll jump over the footstool.
cgv	okay.
kid	Daddy move your legs.
cgv	okay.
kid	on your mark get set go.
cgv	I think we got some mail here.
kid	we already got some mail.
cgv	oh this is an advertisement for the international folk dance.
kid	folk dance.
cgv	uhhuh that's where you dance folks.
kid	oh boy Mommy I finded something else to jump over Daddy you could use the footstool.
cgv	okay thanks.
kid	this is gon (t)a be really neat who's all invited.
cgv	invited to what.
kid	to the folk dance.
cgv	everybody's invited.
kid	oh man Mommy you should see my set+up.
cgv	your what.
kid	my set+up.
cgv	oh your set+up that you're making let's see Abe I think you're gon (t)a get injured you could really hurt yourself trying to jump over that.
kid	with this board I think not with this board.
cgv	yeah I don't think the board's a good idea.
kid	I think I can jump over it without the board.
cgv	that's a good idea.
kid	there I jumped over and I didn't get hurt I can jump over this with out getting hurt.
cgv	good do you want toast Stan.
cgv	yeah.
kid	Mom I want some a grilled cheese with toast.
cgv	okay.
kid	Dad this this is a picture where they grow corn in Texas.
cgv	oh.
kid	Dad when I'm done doing it tell me how to spell Texas okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	they say +"/..
kid	+" what's the corn made out of.
kid	but nobody knows what corn is made out of they don't know Dad you should have saw Mista's swimming pool today it was frozen.
cgv	oh I bet it was cold then.
kid	you don't know how cold it really was it was ice.
cgv	that's cold how come I don't know how cold it was.
kid	you didn't know how cold the ice was it was really cold.
cgv	how cold was it.
kid	cold.
kid	colder than Winter.
cgv	how cold.
cgv	did you put your feet in it.
kid	I would never put my feet in water I put my hands in it to catch the ice.
cgv	oh.
kid	that's why did you know they grow thick corn stalks at Texas right now.
kid	they do that's how thick the corn stalks are really Dad tell me how to spell Texas Dad tell me how to spell Texas.
cgv	t@l.
kid	&t then what.
cgv	then e@l.
kid	is it the last letter in my name Daddy.
cgv	yeah.
kid	okay then I know how to do it and then what.
cgv	x@l.
kid	x@l then what.
kid	Tex does that spell Tex, Daddy.
cgv	Tex uhhuh.
kid	then what.
kid	Tex Texas.
cgv	a@l.
kid	that's the first letter.
cgv	huh.
kid	that's the first letter of my name.
cgv	oh right.
kid	Daddy I spelled Tex so now I need another word right.
cgv	Texas is one word not two Texas t@l e@l x@l a@l.
kid	oh then what.
kid	then what.
kid	then what.
cgv	a@l.
kid	and that's it.
kid	is that how do you spell Texas.
kid	is that how you spell Texas Dad.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	that's real neat I like spelling Texas and zebra I drawed a zebra today up in my room.
cgv	are ya'll about ready to eat.
kid	I'm ready I'm ready hey Dad don't you like that picture of you.
cgv	I really do.
kid	Dad you should Dad you should let your mustache grow.
cgv	I should.
kid	yeah so you'll look like I made it.
cgv	so I'll look like what.
kid	like that man you could grow a big mustache like that Daddy.
cgv	yes sir.
kid	where is that picture.
kid	where did you put it.
cgv	I think it's upstairs.
kid	oh don't you like Daddy.
cgv	I really like it how do you think I'd look with a mustache.
kid	oh you'd look fine fine fine hey Mommy.
kid	I picked out the right kind of material.
cgv	for what.
kid	for that quilt.
cgv	yeah you sure did.
kid	Dad yours looks not so good but let's see mine if Mommy's looks better.
cgv	mine looks like Dad's.
kid	hey Mom.
cgv	yep.
kid	we need some green material.
cgv	I think we have enough.
kid	no we need green material.
cgv	for what.
kid	for for that quilt.
cgv	do they have much green in theirs.
kid	a lot probably a rectangle look.
cgv	oh that's just an added decoration that they have for their bed it's a cushion.
kid	oh I said that I wanted a piece of toast.
cgv	that's what I got you.
kid	oh I hot cold I mean hot Mom did you eat your omelette already.
cgv	no I just started did you eat your grilled cheese yet.
kid	no I could not have ate it already I just started to eat it Dad you fart so much that you put your that you put holes in your pants.
cgv	do you like my bread or would you like me to start buying bread.
cgv	no keep baking it.
kid	if you buy it it will be already cooked.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	so you won't have to cook it.
cgv	but that bread's not very nutritious.
kid	if you buy Wonder bread it is if you want to buy Wonder bread you can.
cgv	where did you taste Wonder bread.
kid	I like Wonder bread Jean buyed some one time and she gived@n me a taste and once we went grocery shopping with Jean when she was babysitting me and I tasted those cherries they were delicious.
cgv	what did you taste.
kid	those cherries.
cgv	oh yeah that time.
kid	we should start buying those cherries again.
cgv	they're out of season.
kid	oh.
cgv	pears and tangerines are in season now.
kid	but when it's Winter none most not too much fruit is in season but we should go to all the apple orchards when it's getting close to winter then we could buy some good apples we could buy some cut apples or we could buy some bread that isn't cut I like the one's that are cut best I like it when it's cut you know why.
kid	because you don't have to cut it.
cgv	oh.
kid	we could buy it at Tom Thumb first.
cgv	why.
kid	because it's running out of bread they're running out of bread that's why.
cgv	so why should we try there first.
kid	to try and see how much it costs.
cgv	oh.
kid	but if it doesn't cost too good we'll put it back and we'll try another store Dad didn't it surprise you when you came home.
cgv	Abe was surprised too.
kid	I was so surprised I falled@n in love with the couch I falled@n in love with the living room.
cgv	why.
kid	because it looks so good Dad likes the bed+room because it looks so good Dad can sleep in the closet and Mom can sleep in the bed.
cgv	you're crazy.
