participant	content
cgv	so.
kid	my legs are too tired for to walk all the way over there.
cgv	oh what are you thinking about.
kid	nothing.
cgv	huh.
kid	nothing.
cgv	well do you want to take a nap.
kid	no.
cgv	how come.
kid	because.
cgv	do you want to throw this ball around.
kid	okay do you.
cgv	yeah wow.
kid	doesn't it float good.
cgv	it sure does.
kid	don't kick it over here Dad you could just throw it.
cgv	how come.
kid	because you might hit the oil lamp.
cgv	oh what would happen if I hit the oil lamp.
kid	it will knock over and fall down and we will have to move away right now.
cgv	how come.
kid	because we don't want to catch on fire.
cgv	oh.
kid	I got it this time do it high so I can jump and get it.
cgv	what.
kid	this time do it high so I will have ta jump.
cgv	how come.
kid	because I want you to.
cgv	okay good one.
kid	Daddy I threw it over with my chin.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	okay do it.
cgv	good catch.
kid	do it high Daddy I jumped and did it but not too good.
cgv	that would have been a hard one to kick anyway.
kid	I know.
cgv	Abe what do you think would have happened if our airplane pilot would have gotten lost.
cgv	what would have happened.
kid	we would have to the pilot uh some one would have to find the parachute place and get out the parachute.
cgv	what would we have done then.
kid	jump down.
cgv	oh.
kid	if we were in Texas.
cgv	what would we have done if we would have been over Iowa.
kid	then we would have to go jump down in Iowa and take a taxi all the way to Texas.
cgv	oh remember the other day when we were on the airplane.
kid	yeah.
cgv	what do you think would have happened then if the airplane pilot would have gotten lost.
cgv	huh.
kid	we would have to think if the airplane pilot would get lost and he would have to get a parachute so we would all get a parachute.
cgv	is that what we would have done.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	catch this.
kid	Daddy I did it see Daddy it was going like this and I touched it with my finger.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy I wasn't ready hey Daddy Chop_wood's chaps.
cgv	oh yeah.
kid	wasn't that a weird throw Dad.
cgv	it sure was.
kid	Daddy this time throw it a little harder.
cgv	do it that far.
cgv	I don't know if I can I'll try.
kid	see.
kid	I got it I touched it and I got it that was a eye_out@c.
cgv	why do you call it an eye_out@c.
kid	because because you're choking me Dad.
cgv	no I'm not.
kid	you are gon (t)a.
cgv	no I'm not.
kid	you are gon (t)a do it now.
cgv	no don't do that.
kid	that's my only protection.
cgv	well stop.
cgv	I stopped.
kid	I wanted to go out that's what I wanted to do.
cgv	I think you have to wear long pants today.
kid	okay put on my long pants.
cgv	I'll go get em what are you doing.
kid	I'm eating.
cgv	oh what did you do with the dollar Keith gave you.
kid	I put it where all the rest of my money is.
cgv	oh.
kid	so what do you think I could buy with it.
cgv	I don't know maybe you could save it for when we go to the State Fair.
kid	what do you think I could save it for the State Fair.
kid	Dad do you think they're gon (t)a have different things at the State Fair than at the other State Fair.
cgv	than last year's State Fair.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	I think they'll have some different things.
kid	I hope so.
cgv	what did you like the best last year.
kid	I liked the rides best.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy what kind of rides did we go on last year.
cgv	I can't remember what ride did you like best at Six Flags.
kid	the log adventure that's what I liked the best especially in that hot day.
cgv	it sure was hot.
kid	yeah and that's why I liked the log adventure the best Dad know what.
cgv	what.
kid	I really wanted to go to the zoo pretty soon.
cgv	oh we'll do that.
kid	what else do you want to do.
cgv	go fishing.
kid	Daddy under here you know that's the muscle right.
cgv	right.
kid	right under here right.
cgv	uhhuh right under the skin.
kid	and blood is under the muscle right.
cgv	yeah and sometimes the blood goes in the muscle.
kid	yeah that's part of the muscle too that's the best part of your body Dad remember when I cut myself close to my thumb and I needed two bandages.
cgv	yeah.
kid	wasn't it bleeding.
cgv	yeah do you remember how you did it.
kid	no do you.
cgv	no.
kid	I think it was from the wood of the storage box.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy there used to be that there now it's not there.
cgv	the scab's gone.
kid	if I go like this then it's not there anymore and if I go here it's there.
cgv	oh I see just by flexing you can make it come or go huh.
kid	yeah Daddy there's just one thing that's invisible and do you know what that is.
cgv	what is it.
kid	air there's no more things that are invisible except air right Dad.
cgv	let me think how (a)bout sound.
kid	yeah sound is invisible.
cgv	do you think you need long pants to go out.
kid	I wan(t) (t)a see how cold it is outside first I think I do need long pants on and my boots.
cgv	okay I'll go up and get your stuff.
kid	you could probably put on my cowboy jacket.
cgv	where is it.
kid	do you think it's upstairs.
cgv	I'll look for it Abe these is your roll of pennies you should put it with the rest of your money.
kid	then I should open it.
cgv	no just put it up.
kid	it doesn't close all the way.
cgv	that's alright.
kid	it's hard to put all these clothes on since I'm so big.
cgv	that's true you're getting pretty big.
kid	I need a belt with these pants.
cgv	here's a belt are these your new blue+jeans.
kid	my new blue+jeans have a new thing on it a tag I'm afraid we left those in Texas.
cgv	no Mommy brought them home.
kid	Daddy I want my blue+jeans tucked in.
cgv	well you tuck em in.
kid	I don't know the goodest way to tuck em in Dad.
