participant	content
kid	huh.
cgv	you have that yogurt dressing remember.
kid	I don't want none yogurt dressing.
cgv	you don't want any.
kid	I want that orange kind but it's not yogurt dressing.
cgv	French.
kid	yeah are you gon (t)a have yogurt dressing.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I'll get it.
cgv	good.
kid	I got it awoh I didn't stop in time I got so much on.
cgv	you got quite a bit on the table even.
kid	it was a accident I put it straight in.
cgv	what.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" I put it straight in.
cgv	well how did it get on the table if you put it straight in.
kid	I don't know.
cgv	oh I'll use some of Abe's.
kid	why.
kid	why do you want that.
kid	and Dad's gon (t)a have yogurt dressing Mom why do you want spaghetti.
kid	you don't even have a plate Mom.
cgv	hmm.
kid	you don't even have a plate.
cgv	I have a bowl.
kid	Mom when when you're at the hospital getting the baby out why don't we make a party.
cgv	where.
kid	you know over at the community center.
cgv	you want a celebration.
kid	yeah.
cgv	so you and Daddy are going to have a party while I'm at the hospital having the baby.
kid	well oh boy you could dance and other things.
cgv	while I'm having the baby.
kid	no no after Mommy has the baby during the day but not in the hospital.
cgv	oh.
kid	this is good spaghetti I want more butter.
cgv	here it is.
kid	I'm also a sloppy eater.
cgv	you sure are.
kid	Dad's messy too hey Momma.
cgv	yeah.
kid	what's that thing that Carrie had on.
cgv	when.
kid	so you can't see her belly+button.
cgv	when she was first born.
kid	yeah.
cgv	that's the umbilical cord after they cut it.
kid	and they put that colorful stuff on.
cgv	that's right.
kid	what is that colorful stuff.
cgv	that's medicine to prevent infection.
kid	yeah but is it hard colorful stuff.
kid	is it like clay.
cgv	no the umbilical cord's soft you know when you get a cut and you get a scab on it.
kid	yeah.
cgv	after the blood dries up it gets hard that's what the umbilical cord does too it's soft but after it gets cut it dries up and gets hard so the medicine isn't hard it's the cord that's hard.
kid	Mom how big do you think it is now.
cgv	what.
kid	the baby.
cgv	remember the book we looked at the other day.
kid	yeah.
cgv	how big do you think the baby is then.
kid	bigger than that Mom how big did that baby get in one day.
cgv	these days or when it was first growing.
kid	these days no I mean when your tummy got so big.
cgv	oh pretty big each day.
kid	yeah someday you'll be as fat as Amy.
cgv	as fat as Amy is now or as fat as she was when she was pregnant.
kid	as fat as she was when she was pregnant oh no.
cgv	Abe.
kid	Mommy I put it right here I put it straight here.
cgv	I don't think you could have since it spilled.
kid	I'm wiping it up I'm wiping it up I'm wiping it up Mom are you gon (t)a be a nurse.
cgv	I hope to someday.
kid	Daddy are you gon (t)a be a doctor.
cgv	uhhuh.
cgv	not a medical doctor though.
kid	I know.
cgv	would you like to be a medical doctor.
kid	no I wouldn't.
cgv	why not.
kid	(be)cause I would have to help all those patients would you like to be a nurse.
cgv	yep would you like me to.
kid	yeah so you could fix me there's there's more Mommy I thought you were gon (t)a go to no more classes.
cgv	I have to go over there tonight and check out.
kid	well are you going to get the glasses.
kid	I mean the goggles.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	and bring them home.
kid	thanks Mom.
cgv	why thanks Mom.
kid	thanks a bunch.
cgv	I didn't give them to you.
kid	I know but you're going to.
cgv	no I'm not those are mine I'm gon (t)a need em when I take the course again.
kid	I know but after that course I thought you said someday you were gon (t)a bring them home so I could swim.
cgv	yeah I thought I'd be through with them by summer so you could use them then but my plans didn't work out so you'll have to wait an extra year.
kid	you mean until the summer's here.
cgv	no I was gon (t)a give them to you this summer but now you'll have to wait until next summer I'm gon (t)a need em next year.
kid	oh Mommy why do you got a spoon.
cgv	I was using it to get some of your dressing.
kid	there's the paper.
cgv	are you going to be a paperboy someday Abe.
kid	a newsletter boy.
cgv	what.
kid	a newsletter boy.
cgv	oh.
kid	someday I'm gon (t)a do that when I'm five I mean oh shucks.
cgv	you should probably be a little older than five.
kid	huh.
cgv	you'll probably have to be older then five to be a newspaper boy.
kid	yeah I had a hard day's work at school today.
cgv	you did.
kid	yeah we cut the head off of a pumpkin.
cgv	you did what.
kid	carved the head off of a pumpkin.
cgv	what did you carve.
kid	the head off of a pumpkin.
cgv	what's the head.
kid	the head's the part that sticks out.
cgv	oh the top and the stem.
kid	yeah it's the head but it doesn't got eyes.
cgv	oh.
cgv	it doesn't have any seeds left in it either does it.
kid	not any on the outside either.
cgv	oh.
kid	you were there you were there by then when I was carving the top off.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	I got more spaghetti than you hey.
kid	I keep losing it off my fork.
cgv	Abe what would you have done if the pumpkin had said ouch ["] when you were carving it.
cgv	what would you have done then.
kid	I'd go +"/..
kid	+" yikes.
kid	+" I'm getting out of here.
cgv	why would you get out of there.
kid	(be)cause the pumpkin would chase me he would be running after us and I'd get on the storage box where the pumpkin can't get me I could kick it if it tried to climb up and get me Dad that's hey Mommy I got a good deal.
cgv	what's that.
kid	if I eat all the spaghetti then I won't eat all the salad.
kid	that's good.
kid	I'm gon (t)a eat as much as Mommy eats.
kid	Daddy what would you have done if your chair said +"/..
kid	+" hey don't sit on me.
kid	at your school.
cgv	what.
kid	I said +"/..
kid	+" what would have you done if your chair said ow.
kid	when you sitted on it.
cgv	I'd have been surprised.
kid	I thought you would run away I'd say to the chair +"/..
kid	+" if I was a chair I'd be a chair but if I wasn't a chair I wouldn't be a chair but if I was a chair I'd let people sit on me.
kid	that's what I would have said I would do that Dad.
cgv	oh that's pretty good advice.
kid	hey Mommy know Leslie's Baby_alive.
cgv	yes.
kid	her mouth got stuck.
cgv	how did it get stuck.
kid	it goes like this.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mommy eat some of this spaghetti.
cgv	we can throw it out if you don't want it.
kid	anyways I think you gave me too much.
