participant	content
cgv	okay I'm coming.
kid	Mommy I'm not getting smashed potatoes or whatever they are Mom what are those.
cgv	hot buttered potatoes.
kid	Mommy.
kid	remember those things that you used to have that had brown stuff and cinnamon in.
kid	what were those called.
cgv	oh acorn squash.
kid	do you ever eat em anymore.
cgv	oh yeah.
kid	hey.
kid	I don't have none water.
cgv	here.
kid	Daddy I was the waitress right Mom.
cgv	right.
kid	I gave the forks right Mom.
kid	I wrapped the things up too Mom do you ever buy remember that time when you bought liver.
cgv	uhhuh can you eat this.
kid	I could eat it Mom who always has a wing.
cgv	I usually do.
kid	does Daddy ever have a wing.
cgv	I can't fly.
kid	I mean to eat.
cgv	yeah I have a wing sometimes.
kid	Mommy is that a wing.
cgv	no it's a breast.
kid	this is the leg I love this leg it's a drumstick Mom do we have a drum stick inside our bodies or what's our bone called.
cgv	ham.
cgv	it's just called a leg people don't call their legs drumsticks.
kid	Mom you're gon (t)a be the last one done.
cgv	I don't know you haven't even started eating your chicken yet.
kid	I'm eating my rice mm:.
kid	mm:.
kid	Mom this chicken doesn't have any fat in it.
cgv	I'm glad you like it.
kid	Dad what do you got.
kid	the chest.
cgv	uhhuh the breast.
kid	I would hate to eat that.
cgv	huh.
kid	I would hate to eat that.
cgv	why.
kid	because I like the drumstick Mom where's my other drumstick.
cgv	on this plate waiting for you.
cgv	what would you do if I ate that drumstick.
kid	I'd eat your stick I mean your wing I'd eat your wing then.
cgv	oh.
kid	I would eat your breast too.
cgv	then I'd have to go to the doctor.
kid	I mean what you're eating I'm to the bone now Dad did you know the doctor said.
kid	if I choke with oatmeal I'm supposed to cough as long as I could and then try to breathe right Mom.
cgv	uhhuh.
cgv	when did you choke on oatmeal.
kid	today.
cgv	did you.
kid	uhhuh I went [=! makes coughing noise] and I covered my mouth then I went [=! inhales] to see if I could breathe and I could.
cgv	some things are easy to choke on like carrots.
kid	carrots right Mom carrots you could choke hey where's my picture I made for Dad.
cgv	I don't know.
cgv	maybe it ran away.
kid	it couldn't have ran away.
cgv	why not.
kid	it didn't get legs.
cgv	it didn't have legs.
kid	no here it is this is for you Dad.
cgv	thanks buddy.
kid	are you gon (t)a bring it to school.
cgv	maybe.
kid	you can bring it anywhere you want to.
cgv	I think I'll take it to school.
kid	good can you hold this for me Mom.
cgv	okay.
cgv	what have you been doing all day Abe.
kid	playing outside.
cgv	they shot the fireworks off today at noon at the fair.
cgv	really.
cgv	yeah.
kid	they did it while it was raining Mom you should have saw em they shot a pink one and it turned into a pink cloud and they shot a blue one and it turned into a blue cloud.
cgv	wow.
kid	you should have saw it.
cgv	I did.
kid	did you see the clouds.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	they were clouds Mom.
cgv	that was smoke left over from the fireworks.
kid	you thought that but I thought they were clouds I need some thing to wipe my hands off.
cgv	did you and Joey have a war today.
kid	no we were playing hunting wolfs me and Joey and Peter were wolfs and some other kids were and he always shot up but the bullet went straight down.
cgv	oh.
kid	and one got me and then and then we were different wolfs but once I ran real far.
cgv	how far.
kid	seventy miles.
cgv	wow.
cgv	that's quite a distance.
kid	Mark chased me and shot me right in the nose.
cgv	oh.
kid	and then a policeman found me and took me to his station but I ran away.
cgv	how come.
kid	because the police would have put me in jail when he brought me to his station.
cgv	no.
kid	it wasn't a real police I was just pretending Mommy this is a I Mom I was the last one up wasn't I.
cgv	today.
kid	uhhuh.
cgv	yeah I'm glad you slept in your bed all night.
kid	I forgot to come in.
cgv	I'm glad you forgot.
kid	my hands are dirty.
cgv	so are mine use your napkin.
cgv	Abe don't do that.
cgv	that hurts.
kid	sorry Dad I was just playing with you.
cgv	okay.
kid	I fell on that metal thing.
cgv	good thing Dr Duncan was here.
kid	you're not a doctor.
cgv	I'm just as good as a doctor.
