participant	content
kid	no ice will melt but I'm not ice I'm as cold as ice.
cgv	oh do you like that book.
kid	yeah the one that's fighting with the triceratops lost and triceratops lost either of em won.
cgv	what.
kid	either of em won either of the the animals won.
cgv	neither.
kid	yeah neither I'll show you here.
kid	Dad read Dad read Daddy read.
cgv	oh.
kid	see what I mean.
cgv	yeah neither of em won look what was on your back.
kid	what.
kid	oh ick.
cgv	where'd you get that +"/..
cgv	+" oh ick.
kid	that's what teacher told me do at school say +"/..
kid	+" oh ick.
kid	and +"/..
kid	+" oh gross.
kid	hey Momma hey Mommy.
cgv	what Abe.
kid	today we today me and Alec digged in the ground and we found dinosaur tooths we did Dad right Mom.
cgv	right.
kid	and some wood and guess what else.
cgv	a treasure chest.
kid	no we even heared@n lava.
cgv	are you kidding.
kid	yeah.
cgv	I'm glad you're kidding.
kid	no I'm not kidding we really heared@n lava.
cgv	oh no let's move.
cgv	hurry before the lava gets us.
kid	no it was underground Dad so it couldn't get out.
cgv	oh you must have really good hearing.
kid	guess what we heared@n I heared@n me and Alec did me and Alec heared@n thumble@c thumble@c thumble@c.
kid	and we heared@n some +"/..
kid	+" blops@o blops@o blops@o.
kid	we heared@n +"/..
kid	+" blop@o blop@o blop@o blop@o.
kid	that's what we heared@n.
cgv	oh.
kid	Mom look what we did.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	gross.
kid	that's ant poop I wish this guy wouldn't get killed and that this guy would get killed I wish this guy would lose and get killed but not this guy.
cgv	why don't you like tyrannosaurus Rex.
kid	because he's the meanest one of them all.
cgv	why do you like triceratops.
kid	because he's nice triceratops is still alive Mom he didn't lost the fight because look Mom his eyes are still open so he's still alive.
cgv	uhhuh but he's probably dying see all those big gouges.
kid	what are gouges.
cgv	cuts and rips they're gouged out parts of his flesh.
kid	yeah this guy gots@n more scabs but this guy gots@n bigger scabs than this guy.
cgv	wounds.
kid	yeah bigger wounds and this guy got small ones you know what.
kid	both of this guy's legs are broken that's why he can't win he'll die (be)cause he can't run away from the other mean dinosaurs but these guys got bigger wounds so they might die too hey Mom why do you think these scratches are here.
cgv	I don't know.
kid	I don't know either it looks like a map some mean guy scratched the book.
cgv	yeah.
kid	I'll show you what the guy looked like he's mean he does.
cgv	I haven't ever seen a guy who looked like that.
kid	I have hey Mom when Nom runs he makes a noise he can't run unless he makes a noise.
cgv	why does he make a noise.
kid	because he wants he wants everyone to think he runs real fast hey.
kid	what was that.
cgv	the wind.
kid	oh no a tornado it's a tornado.
cgv	Abe shut the door.
kid	what does this say Mom.
cgv	invisible.
kid	invisible.
kid	what does that mean.
cgv	it means that you can't see it.
kid	oh yeah I'd say invisible if I couldn't see something and then everybody would say +"/..
kid	+" hey what do you see.
kid	and I'd say +"/..
kid	+" I can't see it.
kid	it's invisible you can't see it.
cgv	Abe there's a sale on children's pajamas with feet in em.
kid	with feet in em.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	Mom why don't you go get em.
cgv	wow.
cgv	they're expensive.
kid	oh man why don't you go get em because I want feet.
cgv	why do you want feet.
kid	because so my feet won't get cold and so I wouldn't have to walk bare foot on the floors oh this has a hole in it.
cgv	you're on my hair.
kid	oh sorry I love you.
cgv	you're sorry that you love me.
kid	no I'm sorry I was on your hair.
cgv	I know I was teasing tell Daddy what we're going to do on Saturdays.
kid	I don't know if I can remember what are we going to do on Saturdays Mom.
cgv	tell Daddy go ahead.
kid	probably I'm gon (t)a pick up each day and my Mom will give me quarter each day.
cgv	no each Saturday.
kid	each day you mean each day each day each day each day each day each day each day.
cgv	no way.
kid	Mom.
cgv	what.
kid	doesn't long time it is right Mom.
cgv	I don't know.
cgv	where are you going.
kid	I'm going tee+tee.
cgv	oh.
kid	Daddy I let a really bad fart and it's following me around.
cgv	God it must be pretty bad.
kid	it was following me when I was coming down the stairs hey Dad why is that brick out there.
kid	why is that brick out there.
cgv	we don't need it in the house anymore.
kid	okay but next time tell me first okay.
cgv	okay.
kid	what's this.
cgv	part of Mom's clothes rack.
kid	how do you think it could have got down here then.
kid	how do you think it could have got down here then.
cgv	I don't know I can't figure it out.
kid	Mom I'm hungry.
cgv	we're going to eat pretty soon just eat one of those.
kid	how (a)bout two.
cgv	no one's enough.
kid	I don't want any fish.
cgv	that's what we're having.
kid	I don't like fish I just want a piece that's about this big.
cgv	what did you do at school today Abe.
kid	played in the afternoon way after lunch.
cgv	then what.
kid	we went home from school Mom.
cgv	uhhuh.
kid	it was a long time at school today.
kid	it was fun we made our hats right when we ate lunch.
cgv	you ate your lunch after you made your hat.
kid	no right when we ate.
cgv	you did both of em together.
kid	yeah the girl made our hat and we ate.
cgv	oh.
kid	we had three snacks today.
cgv	what were the three snacks.
kid	cookies crackers and pretzels they were all yummy.
cgv	good.
kid	Mom are you going to school now.
cgv	no I'm getting ready to cook dinner.
kid	oh.
cgv	do you want muffins.
kid	yeah a lot of em why don't you make a mask out of this Mom.
cgv	that would really be a big mask wouldn't it.
kid	that's how you make masks it would have to be like this then it would fit me hey Mommy do you want a squirt.
kid	is it cold enough for a squirt.
kid	because I got a squirt.
cgv	you do.
kid	yes I do.
cgv	where.
kid	it's right here Daddy I squirted the house I squirted the windows.
cgv	how come.
kid	(be)cause it was dirty.
